HAVING in the three last numbers taken a summary review of the principal 
        circumstances and events which have depicted the genius and fate of other 
        confederate governments, I shall now proceed in the enumeration of the 
        most important of those defects which have hitherto disappointed our hopes 
        from the system established among ourselves. To form a safe and satisfactory 
        judgment of the proper remedy, it is absolutely necessary that we should 
        be well acquainted with the extent and malignity of the disease. The next most palpable defect of the subsisting Confederation, is the 
        total want of a SANCTION to its laws. The United States, as now composed, 
        have no powers to exact obedience, or punish disobedience to their resolutions, 
        either by pecuniary mulcts, by a suspension or divestiture of privileges, 
        or by any other constitutional mode. There is no express delegation of 
        authority to them to use force against delinquent members; and if such 
        a right should be ascribed to the federal head, as resulting from the 
        nature of the social compact between the States, it must be by inference 
        and construction, in the face of that part of the second article, by which 
        it is declared, "that each State shall retain every power, jurisdiction, 
        and right, not EXPRESSLY delegated to the United States in Congress assembled." 
        There is, doubtless, a striking absurdity in supposing that a right of 
        this kind does not exist, but we are reduced to the dilemma either of 
        embracing that supposition, preposterous as it may seem, or of contravening 
        or explaining away a provision, which has been of late a repeated theme 
        of the eulogies of those who oppose the new Constitution; and the want 
        of which, in that plan, has been the subject of much plausible animadversion, 
        and severe criticism. If we are unwilling to impair the force of this 
        applauded provision, we shall be obliged to conclude, that the United 
        States afford the extraordinary spectacle of a government destitute even 
        of the shadow of constitutional power to enforce the execution of its 
        own laws. It will appear, from the specimens which have been cited, that 
        the American Confederacy, in this particular, stands discriminated from 
        every other institution of a similar kind, and exhibits a new and unexampled 
        phenomenon in the political world. The want of a mutual guaranty of the State governments is another capital 
        imperfection in the federal plan. There is nothing of this kind declared 
        in the articles that compose it; and to imply a tacit guaranty from considerations 
        of utility, would be a still more flagrant departure from the clause which 
        has been mentioned, than to imply a tacit power of coercion from the like 
        considerations. The want of a guaranty, though it might in its consequences endanger 
        the Union, does not so immediately attack its existence as the want of 
        a constitutional sanction to its laws. Without a guaranty the assistance to be derived from the Union in repelling 
        those domestic dangers which may sometimes threaten the existence of the 
        State constitutions, must be renounced. Usurpation may rear its crest 
        in each State, and trample upon the liberties of the people, while the 
        national government could legally do nothing more than behold its encroachments 
        with indignation and regret. A successful faction may erect a tyranny 
        on the ruins of order and law, while no succor could constitutionally 
        be afforded by the Union to the friends and supporters of the government. 
        The tempestuous situation from which Massachusetts has scarcely emerged, 
        evinces that dangers of this kind are not merely speculative. Who can 
        determine what might have been the issue of her late convulsions, if the 
        malcontents had been headed by a Caesar or by a Cromwell? Who can predict 
        what effect a despotism, established in Massachusetts, would have upon 
        the liberties of New Hampshire or Rhode Island, of Connecticut or New 
        York? The inordinate pride of State importance has suggested to some minds 
        an objection to the principle of a guaranty in the federal government, 
        as involving an officious interference in the domestic concerns of the 
        members. A scruple of this kind would deprive us of one of the principal 
        advantages to be expected from union, and can only flow from a misapprehension 
        of the nature of the provision itself. It could be no impediment to reforms 
        of the State constitution by a majority of the people in a legal and peaceable 
        mode. This right would remain undiminished. The guaranty could only operate 
        against changes to be effected by violence. Towards the preventions of 
        calamities of this kind, too many checks cannot be provided. The peace 
        of society and the stability of government depend absolutely on the efficacy 
        of the precautions adopted on this head. Where the whole power of the 
        government is in the hands of the people, there is the less pretense for 
        the use of violent remedies in partial or occasional distempers of the 
        State. The natural cure for an ill-administration, in a popular or representative 
        constitution, is a change of men. A guaranty by the national authority 
        would be as much levelled against the usurpations of rulers as against 
        the ferments and outrages of faction and sedition in the community. The principle of regulating the contributions of the States to the common 
        treasury by QUOTAS is another fundamental error in the Confederation. 
        Its repugnancy to an adequate supply of the national exigencies has been 
        already pointed out, and has sufficiently appeared from the trial which 
        has been made of it. I speak of it now solely with a view to equality 
        among the States. Those who have been accustomed to contemplate the circumstances 
        which produce and constitute national wealth, must be satisfied that there 
        is no common standard or barometer by which the degrees of it can be ascertained. 
        Neither the value of lands, nor the numbers of the people, which have 
        been successively proposed as the rule of State contributions, has any 
        pretension to being a just representative. If we compare the wealth of 
        the United Netherlands with that of Russia or Germany, or even of France, 
        and if we at the same time compare the total value of the lands and the 
        aggregate population of that contracted district with the total value 
        of the lands and the aggregate population of the immense regions of either 
        of the three last-mentioned countries, we shall at once discover that 
        there is no comparison between the proportion of either of these two objects 
        and that of the relative wealth of those nations. If the like parallel 
        were to be run between several of the American States, it would furnish 
        a like result. Let Virginia be contrasted with North Carolina, Pennsylvania 
        with Connecticut, or Maryland with New Jersey, and we shall be convinced 
        that the respective abilities of those States, in relation to revenue, 
        bear little or no analogy to their comparative stock in lands or to their 
        comparative population. The position may be equally illustrated by a similar 
        process between the counties of the same State. No man who is acquainted 
        with the State of New York will doubt that the active wealth of King's 
        County bears a much greater proportion to that of Montgomery than it would 
        appear to be if we should take either the total value of the lands or 
        the total number of the people as a criterion! The wealth of nations depends upon an infinite variety of causes. Situation, 
        soil, climate, the nature of the productions, the nature of the government, 
        the genius of the citizens, the degree of information they possess, the 
        state of commerce, of arts, of industry, these circumstances and many 
        more, too complex, minute, or adventitious to admit of a particular specification, 
        occasion differences hardly conceivable in the relative opulence and riches 
        of different countries. The consequence clearly is that there can be no 
        common measure of national wealth, and, of course, no general or stationary 
        rule by which the ability of a state to pay taxes can be determined. The 
        attempt, therefore, to regulate the contributions of the members of a 
        confederacy by any such rule, cannot fail to be productive of glaring 
        inequality and extreme oppression. This inequality would of itself be sufficient in America to work the 
        eventual destruction of the Union, if any mode of enforcing a compliance 
        with its requisitions could be devised. The suffering States would not 
        long consent to remain associated upon a principle which distributes the 
        public burdens with so unequal a hand, and which was calculated to impoverish 
        and oppress the citizens of some States, while those of others would scarcely 
        be conscious of the small proportion of the weight they were required 
        to sustain. This, however, is an evil inseparable from the principle of 
        quotas and requisitions. There is no method of steering clear of this inconvenience, but by authorizing 
        the national government to raise its own revenues in its own way. Imposts, 
        excises, and, in general, all duties upon articles of consumption, may 
        be compared to a fluid, which will, in time, find its level with the means 
        of paying them. The amount to be contributed by each citizen will in a 
        degree be at his own option, and can be regulated by an attention to his 
        resources. The rich may be extravagant, the poor can be frugal; and private 
        oppression may always be avoided by a judicious selection of objects proper 
        for such impositions. If inequalities should arise in some States from 
        duties on particular objects, these will, in all probability, be counterbalanced 
        by proportional inequalities in other States, from the duties on other 
        objects. In the course of time and things, an equilibrium, as far as it 
        is attainable in so complicated a subject, will be established everywhere. 
        Or, if inequalities should still exist, they would neither be so great 
        in their degree, so uniform in their operation, nor so odious in their 
        appearance, as those which would necessarily spring from quotas, upon 
        any scale that can possibly be devised. It is a signal advantage of taxes on articles of consumption, that they 
        contain in their own nature a security against excess. They prescribe 
        their own limit; which cannot be exceeded without defeating the end proposed, 
        that is, an extension of the revenue. When applied to this object, the 
        saying is as just as it is witty, that, "in political arithmetic, two 
        and two do not always make four ." If duties are too high, they lessen the consumption; the collection 
        is eluded; and the product to the treasury is not so great as when they 
        are confined within proper and moderate bounds. This forms a complete 
        barrier against any material oppression of the citizens by taxes of this 
        class, and is itself a natural limitation of the power of imposing them. Impositions of this kind usually fall under the denomination of indirect 
        taxes, and must for a long time constitute the chief part of the revenue 
        raised in this country. Those of the direct kind, which principally relate 
        to land and buildings, may admit of a rule of apportionment. Either the 
        value of land, or the number of the people, may serve as a standard. The 
        state of agriculture and the populousness of a country have been considered 
        as nearly connected with each other. And, as a rule, for the purpose intended, 
        numbers, in the view of simplicity and certainty, are entitled to a preference. 
        In every country it is a herculean task to obtain a valuation of the land; 
        in a country imperfectly settled and progressive in improvement, the difficulties 
        are increased almost to impracticability. The expense of an accurate valuation 
        is, in all situations, a formidable objection. In a branch of taxation 
        where no limits to the discretion of the government are to be found in 
        the nature of things, the establishment of a fixed rule, not incompatible 
        with the end, may be attended with fewer inconveniences than to leave 
        that discretion altogether at large.
