IT MAY perhaps be urged that the objects enumerated in the preceding 
        number ought to be provided for by the State governments, under the direction 
        of the Union. But this would be, in reality, an inversion of the primary 
        principle of our political association, as it would in practice transfer 
        the care of the common defense from the federal head to the individual 
        members: a project oppressive to some States, dangerous to all, and baneful 
        to the Confederacy. The territories of Britain, Spain, and of the Indian nations in our neighborhood 
        do not border on particular States, but encircle the Union from Maine 
        to Georgia. The danger, though in different degrees, is therefore common. 
        And the means of guarding against it ought, in like manner, to be the 
        objects of common councils and of a common treasury. It happens that some 
        States, from local situation, are more directly exposed. New York is of 
        this class. Upon the plan of separate provisions, New York would have 
        to sustain the whole weight of the establishments requisite to her immediate 
        safety, and to the mediate or ultimate protection of her neighbors. This 
        would neither be equitable as it respected New York nor safe as it respected 
        the other States. Various inconveniences would attend such a system. The 
        States, to whose lot it might fall to support the necessary establishments, 
        would be as little able as willing, for a considerable time to come, to 
        bear the burden of competent provisions. The security of all would thus 
        be subjected to the parsimony, improvidence, or inability of a part. If 
        the resources of such part becoming more abundant and extensive, its provisions 
        should be proportionally enlarged, the other States would quickly take 
        the alarm at seeing the whole military force of the Union in the hands 
        of two or three of its members, and those probably amongst the most powerful. 
        They would each choose to have some counterpoise, and pretenses could 
        easily be contrived. In this situation, military establishments, nourished 
        by mutual jealousy, would be apt to swell beyond their natural or proper 
        size; and being at the separate disposal of the members, they would be 
        engines for the abridgment or demolition of the national authcrity. Reasons have been already given to induce a supposition that the State 
        governments will too naturally be prone to a rivalship with that of the 
        Union, the foundation of which will be the love of power; and that in 
        any contest between the federal head and one of its members the people 
        will be most apt to unite with their local government. If, in addition 
        to this immense advantage, the ambition of the members should be stimulated 
        by the separate and independent possession of military forces, it would 
        afford too strong a temptation and too great a facility to them to make 
        enterprises upon, and finally to subvert, the constitutional authority 
        of the Union. On the other hand, the liberty of the people would be less 
        safe in this state of things than in that which left the national forces 
        in the hands of the national government. As far as an army may be considered 
        as a dangerous weapon of power, it had better be in those hands of which 
        the people are most likely to be jealous than in those of which they are 
        least likely to be jealous. For it is a truth, which the experience of 
        ages has attested, that the people are always most in danger when the 
        means of injuring their rights are in the possession of those of whom 
        they entertain the least suspicion. The framers of the existing Confederation, fully aware of the danger 
        to the Union from the separate possession of military forces by the States, 
        have, in express terms, prohibited them from having either ships or troops, 
        unless with the consent of Congress. The truth is, that the existence 
        of a federal government and military establishments under State authority 
        are not less at variance with each other than a due supply of the federal 
        treasury and the system of quotas and requisitions. There are other lights besides those already taken notice of, in which 
        the impropriety of restraints on the discretion of the national legislature 
        will be equally manifest. The design of the objection, which has been 
        mentioned, is to preclude standing armies in time of peace, though we 
        have never been informed how far it is designed the prohibition should 
        extend; whether to raising armies as well as to KEEPING THEM UP in a season 
        of tranquillity or not. If it be confined to the latter it will have no 
        precise signification, and it will be ineffectual for the purpose intended. 
        When armies are once raised what shall be denominated "keeping them up," 
        contrary to the sense of the Constitution? What time shall be requisite 
        to ascertain the violation? Shall it be a week, a month, a year? Or shall 
        we say they may be continued as long as the danger which occasioned their 
        being raised continues? This would be to admit that they might be kept 
        up IN TIME OF PEACE, against threatening or impending danger, which would 
        be at once to deviate from the literal meaning of the prohibition, and 
        to introduce an extensive latitude of construction. Who shall judge of 
        the continuance of the danger? This must undoubtedly be submitted to the 
        national government, and the matter would then be brought to this issue, 
        that the national government, to provide against apprehended danger, might 
        in the first instance raise troops, and might afterwards keep them on 
        foot as long as they supposed the peace or safety of the community was 
        in any degree of jeopardy. It is easy to perceive that a discretion so 
        latitudinary as this would afford ample room for eluding the force of 
        the provision. The supposed utility of a provision of this kind can only be founded 
        on the supposed probability, or at least possibility, of a combination 
        between the executive and the legislative, in some scheme of usurpation. 
        Should this at any time happen, how easy would it be to fabricate pretenses 
        of approaching danger! Indian hostilities, instigated by Spain or Britain, 
        would always be at hand. Provocations to produce the desired appearances 
        might even be given to some foreign power, and appeased again by timely 
        concessions. If we can reasonably presume such a combination to have been 
        formed, and that the enterprise is warranted by a sufficient prospect 
        of success, the army, when once raised, from whatever cause, or on whatever 
        pretext, may be applied to the execution of the project. If, to obviate this consequence, it should be resolved to extend the 
        prohibition to the RAISING of armies in time of peace, the United States 
        would then exhibit the most extraordinary spectacle which the world has 
        yet seen, that of a nation incapacitated by its Constitution to prepare 
        for defense, before it was actually invaded. As the ceremony of a formal 
        denunciation of war has of late fallen into disuse, the presence of an 
        enemy within our territories must be waited for, as the legal warrant 
        to the government to begin its levies of men for the protection of the 
        State. We must receive the blow, before we could even prepare to return 
        it. All that kind of policy by which nations anticipate distant danger, 
        and meet the gathering storm, must be abstained from, as contrary to the 
        genuine maxims of a free government. We must expose our property and liberty 
        to the mercy of foreign invaders, and invite them by our weakness to seize 
        the naked and defenseless prey, because we are afraid that rulers, created 
        by our choice, dependent on our will, might endanger that liberty, by 
        an abuse of the means necessary to its preservation. Here I expect we shall be told that the militia of the country is its 
        natural bulwark, and would be at all times equal to the national defense. 
        This doctrine, in substance, had like to have lost us our independence. 
        It cost millions to the United States that might have been saved. The 
        facts which, from our own experience, forbid a reliance of this kind, 
        are too recent to permit us to be the dupes of such a suggestion. The 
        steady operations of war against a regular and disciplined army can only 
        be successfully conducted by a force of the same kind. Considerations 
        of economy, not less than of stability and vigor, confirm this position. 
        The American militia, in the course of the late war, have, by their valor 
        on numerous occasions, erected eternal monuments to their fame; but the 
        bravest of them feel and know that the liberty of their country could 
        not have been established by their efforts alone, however great and valuable 
        they were. War, like most other things, is a science to be acquired and 
        perfected by diligence, by perserverance, by time, and by practice. All violent policy, as it is contrary to the natural and experienced 
        course of human affairs, defeats itself. Pennsylvania, at this instant, 
        affords an example of the truth of this remark. The Bill of Rights of 
        that State declares that standing armies are dangerous to liberty, and 
        ought not to be kept up in time of peace. Pennsylvania, nevertheless, 
        in a time of profound peace, from the existence of partial disorders in 
        one or two of her counties, has resolved to raise a body of troops; and 
        in all probability will keep them up as long as there is any appearance 
        of danger to the public peace. The conduct of Massachusetts affords a 
        lesson on the same subject, though on different ground. That State (without 
        waiting for the sanction of Congress, as the articles of the Confederation 
        require) was compelled to raise troops to quell a domestic insurrection, 
        and still keeps a corps in pay to prevent a revival of the spirit of revolt. 
        The particular constitution of Massachusetts opposed no obstacle to the 
        measure; but the instance is still of use to instruct us that cases are 
        likely to occur under our government, as well as under those of other 
        nations, which will sometimes render a military force in time of peace 
        essential to the security of the society, and that it is therefore improper 
        in this respect to control the legislative discretion. It also teaches 
        us, in its application to the United States, how little the rights of 
        a feeble government are likely to be respected, even by its own constituents. 
        And it teaches us, in addition to the rest, how unequal parchment provisions 
        are to a struggle with public necessity. It was a fundamental maxim of the Lacedaemonian commonwealth, that the 
        post of admiral should not be conferred twice on the same person. The 
        Peloponnesian confederates, having suffered a severe defeat at sea from 
        the Athenians, demanded Lysander, who had before served with success in 
        that capacity, to command the combined fleets. The Lacedaemonians, to 
        gratify their allies, and yet preserve the semblance of an adherence to 
        their ancient institutions, had recourse to the flimsy subterfuge of investing 
        Lysander with the real power of admiral, under the nominal title of vice-admiral. 
        This instance is selected from among a multitude that might be cited to 
        confirm the truth already advanced and illustrated by domestic examples; 
        which is, that nations pay little regard to rules and maxims calculated 
        in their very nature to run counter to the necessities of society. Wise 
        politicians will be cautious about fettering the government with restrictions 
        that cannot be observed, because they know that every breach of the fundamental 
        laws, though dictated by necessity, impairs that sacred reverence which 
        ought to be maintained in the breast of rulers towards the constitution 
        of a country, and forms a precedent for other breaches where the same 
        plea of necessity does not exist at all, or is less urgent and palpable. 
      
