IT HAS been urged, in different shapes, that a Constitution of the kind 
        proposed by the convention cannot operate without the aid of a military 
        force to execute its laws. This, however, like most other things that 
        have been alleged on that side, rests on mere general assertion, unsupported 
        by any precise or intelligible designation of the reasons upon which it 
        is founded. As far as I have been able to divine the latent meaning of 
        the objectors, it seems to originate in a presupposition that the people 
        will be disinclined to the exercise of federal authority in any matter 
        of an internal nature. Waiving any exception that might be taken to the 
        inaccuracy or inexplicitness of the distinction between internal and external, 
        let us inquire what ground there is to presuppose that disinclination 
        in the people. Unless we presume at the same time that the powers of the 
        general government will be worse administered than those of the State 
        government, there seems to be no room for the presumption of ill-will, 
        disaffection, or opposition in the people. I believe it may be laid down 
        as a general rule that their confidence in and obedience to a government 
        will commonly be proportioned to the goodness or badness of its administration. 
        It must be admitted that there are exceptions to this rule; but these 
        exceptions depend so entirely on accidental causes, that they cannot be 
        considered as having any relation to the intrinsic merits or demerits 
        of a constitution. These can only be judged of by general principles and 
        maxims. Various reasons have been suggested, in the course of these papers, to 
        induce a probability that the general government will be better administered 
        than the particular governments; the principal of which reasons are that 
        the extension of the spheres of election will present a greater option, 
        or latitude of choice, to the people; that through the medium of the State 
        legislatures which are select bodies of men, and which are to appoint 
        the members of the national Senate there is reason to expect that this 
        branch will generally be composed with peculiar care and judgment; that 
        these circumstances promise greater knowledge and more extensive information 
        in the national councils, and that they will be less apt to be tainted 
        by the spirit of faction, and more out of the reach of those occasional 
        ill-humors, or temporary prejudices and propensities, which, in smaller 
        societies, frequently contaminate the public councils, beget injustice 
        and oppression of a part of the community, and engender schemes which, 
        though they gratify a momentary inclination or desire, terminate in general 
        distress, dissatisfaction, and disgust. Several additional reasons of 
        considerable force, to fortify that probability, will occur when we come 
        to survey, with a more critical eye, the interior structure of the edifice 
        which we are invited to erect. It will be sufficient here to remark, that 
        until satisfactory reasons can be assigned to justify an opinion, that 
        the federal government is likely to be administered in such a manner as 
        to render it odious or contemptible to the people, there can be no reasonable 
        foundation for the supposition that the laws of the Union will meet with 
        any greater obstruction from them, or will stand in need of any other 
        methods to enforce their execution, than the laws of the particular members. The hope of impunity is a strong incitement to sedition; the dread of 
        punishment, a proportionably strong discouragement to it. Will not the 
        government of the Union, which, if possessed of a due degree of power, 
        can call to its aid the collective resources of the whole Confederacy, 
        be more likely to repress the FORMER sentiment and to inspire the LATTER, 
        than that of a single State, which can only command the resources within 
        itself? A turbulent faction in a State may easily suppose itself able 
        to contend with the friends to the government in that State; but it can 
        hardly be so infatuated as to imagine itself a match for the combined 
        efforts of the Union. If this reflection be just, there is less danger 
        of resistance from irregular combinations of individuals to the authority 
        of the Confederacy than to that of a single member. I will, in this place, hazard an observation, which will not be the less 
        just because to some it may appear new; which is, that the more the operations 
        of the national authority are intermingled in the ordinary exercise of 
        government, the more the citizens are accustomed to meet with it in the 
        common occurrences of their political life, the more it is familiarized 
        to their sight and to their feelings, the further it enters into those 
        objects which touch the most sensible chords and put in motion the most 
        active springs of the human heart, the greater will be the probability 
        that it will conciliate the respect and attachment of the community. Man 
        is very much a creature of habit. A thing that rarely strikes his senses 
        will generally have but little influence upon his mind. A government continually 
        at a distance and out of sight can hardly be expected to interest the 
        sensations of the people. The inference is, that the authority of the 
        Union, and the affections of the citizens towards it, will be strengthened, 
        rather than weakened, by its extension to what are called matters of internal 
        concern; and will have less occasion to recur to force, in proportion 
        to the familiarity and comprehensiveness of its agency. The more it circulates 
        through those channls and currents in which the passions of mankind naturally 
        flow, the less will it require the aid of the violent and perilous expedients 
        of compulsion. One thing, at all events, must be evident, that a government like the 
        one proposed would bid much fairer to avoid the necessity of using force, 
        than that species of league contend for by most of its opponents; the 
        authority of which should only operate upon the States in their political 
        or collective capacities. It has been shown that in such a Confederacy 
        there can be no sanction for the laws but force; that frequent delinquencies 
        in the members are the natural offspring of the very frame of the government; 
        and that as often as these happen, they can only be redressed, if at all, 
        by war and violence. The plan reported by the convention, by extending the authority of the 
        federal head to the individual citizens of the several States, will enable 
        the government to employ the ordinary magistracy of each, in the execution 
        of its laws. It is easy to perceive that this will tend to destroy, in 
        the common apprehension, all distinction between the sources from which 
        they might proceed; and will give the federal government the same advantage 
        for securing a due obedience to its authority which is enjoyed by the 
        government of each State, in addition to the influence on public opinion 
        which will result from the important consideration of its having power 
        to call to its assistance and support the resources of the whole Union. 
        It merits particular attention in this place, that the laws of the Confederacy, 
        as to the ENUMERATED and LEGITIMATE objects of its jurisdiction, will 
        become the SUPREME LAW of the land; to the observance of which all officers, 
        legislative, executive, and judicial, in each State, will be bound by 
        the sanctity of an oath. Thus the legislatures, courts, and magistrates, 
        of the respective members, will be incorporated into the operations of 
        the national government AS FAR AS ITS JUST AND CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
        EXTENDS; and will be rendered auxiliary to the enforcement of its laws. 
        [1] Any man who will pursue, by his 
        own reflections, the consequences of this situation, will perceive that 
        there is good ground to calculate upon a regular and peaceable execution 
        of the laws of the Union, if its powers are administered with a common 
        share of prudence. If we will arbitrarily suppose the contrary, we may 
        deduce any inferences we please from the supposition; for it is certainly 
        possible, by an injudicious exercise of the authorities of the best government 
        that ever was, or ever can be instituted, to provoke and precipitate the 
        people into the wildest excesses. But though the adversaries of the proposed 
        Constitution should presume that the national rulers would be insensible 
        to the motives of public good, or to the obligations of duty, I would 
        still ask them how the interests of ambition, or the views of encroachment, 
        can be promoted by such a conduct? 
