THE residue of the argument against the provisions of the Constitution 
        in respect to taxation is ingrafted upon the following clause. The last 
        clause of the eighth section of the first article of the plan under consideration 
        authorizes the national legislature "to make all laws which shall be 
        NECESSARY and PROPER for carrying into execution THE POWERS by that Constitution 
        vested in the government of the United States, or in any department or 
        officer thereof"; and the second clause of the sixth article declares, 
        "that the Constitution and the laws of the United States made IN PURSUANCE 
        THEREOF, and the treaties made by their authority shall be the SUPREME 
        LAW of the land, any thing in the constitution or laws of any State to 
        the contrary notwithstanding." These two clauses have been the source of much virulent invective and 
        petulant declamation against the proposed Constitution. They have been 
        held up to the people in all the exaggerated colors of misrepresentation 
        as the pernicious engines by which their local governments were to be 
        destroyed and their liberties exterminated; as the hideous monster whose 
        devouring jaws would spare neither sex nor age, nor high nor low, nor 
        sacred nor profane; and yet, strange as it may appear, after all this 
        clamor, to those who may not have happened to contemplate them in the 
        same light, it may be affirmed with perfect confidence that the constitutional 
        operation of the intended government would be precisely the same, if these 
        clauses were entirely obliterated, as if they were repeated in every article. 
        They are only declaratory of a truth which would have resulted by necessary 
        and unavoidable implication from the very act of constituting a federal 
        government, and vesting it with certain specified powers. This is so clear 
        a proposition, that moderation itself can scarcely listen to the railings 
        which have been so copiously vented against this part of the plan, without 
        emotions that disturb its equanimity. What is a power, but the ability or faculty of doing a thing? What is 
        the ability to do a thing, but the power of employing the MEANS necessary 
        to its execution? What is a LEGISLATIVE power, but a power of making LAWS? 
        What are the MEANS to execute a LEGISLATIVE power but LAWS? What is the 
        power of laying and collecting taxes, but a LEGISLATIVE POWER, or a power 
        of MAKING LAWS, to lay and collect taxes? What are the propermeans of 
        executing such a power, but NECESSARY and PROPER laws? This simple train of inquiry furnishes us at once with a test by which 
        to judge of the true nature of the clause complained of. It conducts us 
        to this palpable truth, that a power to lay and collect taxes must be 
        a power to pass all laws NECESSARY and PROPER for the execution of that 
        power; and what does the unfortunate and culumniated provision in question 
        do more than declare the same truth, to wit, that the national legislature, 
        to whom the power of laying and collecting taxes had been previously given, 
        might, in the execution of that power, pass all laws NECESSARY and PROPER 
        to carry it into effect? I have applied these observations thus particularly 
        to the power of taxation, because it is the immediate subject under consideration, 
        and because it is the most important of the authorities proposed to be 
        conferred upon the Union. But the same process will lead to the same result, 
        in relation to all other powers declared in the Constitution. And it is 
        EXPRESSLY to execute these powers that the sweeping clause, as it has 
        been affectedly called, authorizes the national legislature to pass all 
        NECESSARY and PROPER laws. If there is any thing exceptionable, it must 
        be sought for in the specific powers upon which this general declaration 
        is predicated. The declaration itself, though it may be chargeable with 
        tautology or redundancy, is at least perfectly harmless. But SUSPICION may ask, Why then was it introduced? The answer is, that 
        it could only have been done for greater caution, and to guard against 
        all cavilling refinements in those who might hereafter feel a disposition 
        to curtail and evade the legitimatb authorities of the Union. The Convention 
        probably foresaw, what it has been a principal aim of these papers to 
        inculcate, that the danger which most threatens our political welfare 
        is that the State governments will finally sap the foundations of the 
        Union; and might therefore think it necessary, in so cardinal a point, 
        to leave nothing to construction. Whatever may have been the inducement 
        to it, the wisdom of the precaution is evident from the cry which has 
        been raised against it; as that very cry betrays a disposition to question 
        the great and essential truth which it is manifestly the object of that 
        provision to declare. But it may be again asked, Who is to judge of the NECESSITY and PROPRIETY 
        of the laws to be passed for executing the powers of the Union? I answer, 
        first, that this question arises as well and as fully upon the simple 
        grant of those powers as upon the declaratory clause; and I answer, in 
        the second place, that the national government, like every other, must 
        judge, in the first instance, of the proper exercise of its powers, and 
        its constituents in the last. If the federal government should overpass 
        the just bounds of its authority and make a tyrannical use of its powers, 
        the people, whose creature it is, must appeal to the standard they have 
        formed, and take such measures to redress the injury done to the Constitution 
        as the exigency may suggest and prudence justify. The propriety of a law, 
        in a constitutional light, must always be determined by the nature of 
        the powers upon which it is founded. Suppose, by some forced constructions 
        of its authority (which, indeed, cannot easily be imagined), the Federal 
        legislature should attempt to vary the law of descent in any State, would 
        it not be evident that, in making such an attempt, it had exceeded its 
        jurisdiction, and infringed upon that of the State? Suppose, again, that 
        upon the pretense of an interference with its revenues, it should undertake 
        to abrogate a landtax imposed by the authority of a State; would it not 
        be equally evident that this was an invasion of that concurrent jurisdiction 
        in respect to this species of tax, which its Constitution plainly supposes 
        to exist in the State governments? If there ever should be a doubt on 
        this head, the credit of it will be entirely due to those reasoners who, 
        in the imprudent zeal of their animosity to the plan of the convention, 
        have labored to envelop it in a cloud calculated to obscure the plainest 
        and simplest truths. But it is said that the laws of the Union are to be the SUPREME LAW of 
        the land. But what inference can be drawn from this, or what would they 
        amount to, if they were not to be supreme? It is evident they would amount 
        to nothing. A LAW, by the very meaning of the term, includes supremacy. 
        It is a rule which those to whom it is prescribed are bound to observe. 
        This results from every political association. If individuals enter into 
        a state of society, the laws of that society must be the supreme regulator 
        of their conduct. If a number of political societies enter into a larger 
        political society, the laws which the latter may enact, pursuant to the 
        powers intrusted to it by its constitution, must necessarily be supreme 
        over those societies, and the individuals of whom they are composed. It 
        would otherwise be a mere treaty, dependent on the good faith of the parties, 
        and not a goverment, which is only another word for POLITICAL POWER AND 
        SUPREMACY. But it will not follow from this doctrine that acts of the 
        large society which are NOT PURSUANT to its constitutional powers, but 
        which are invasions of the residuary authorities of the smaller societies, 
        will become the supreme law of the land. These will be merely acts of 
        usurpation, and will deserve to be treated as such. Hence we perceive 
        that the clause which declares the supremacy of the laws of the Union, 
        like the one we have just before considered, only declares a truth, which 
        flows immediately and necessarily from the institution of a federal government. 
        It will not, I presume, have escaped observation, that it EXPRESSLY confines 
        this supremacy to laws made PURSUANT TO THE CONSTITUTION; which I mention 
        merely as an instance of caution in the convention; since that limitation 
        would have been to be understood, though it had not been expressed. Though a law, therefore, laying a tax for the use of the United States 
        would be supreme in its nature, and could not legally be opposed or controlled, 
        yet a law for abrogating or preventing the collection of a tax laid by 
        the authority of the State, (unless upon imports and exports), would not 
        be the supreme law of the land, but a usurpation of power not granted 
        by the Constitution. As far as an improper accumulation of taxes on the 
        same object might tend to render the collection difficult or precarious, 
        this would be a mutual inconvenience, not arising from a superiority or 
        defect of power on either side, but from an injudicious exercise of power 
        by one or the other, in a manner equally disadvantageous to both. It is 
        to be hoped and presumed, however, that mutual interest would dictate 
        a concert in this respect which would avoid any material inconvenience. 
        The inference from the whole is, that the individual States would, under 
        the proposed Constitution, retain an independent and uncontrollable authority 
        to raise revenue to any extent of which they may stand in need, by every 
        kind of taxation, except duties on imports and exports. It will be shown 
        in the next paper that this CONCURRENT JURISDICTION in the article of 
        taxation was the only admissible substitute for an entire subordination, 
        in respect to this branch of power, of the State authority to that of 
        the Union.
