BEFORE we proceed to examine any other objections to an indefinite power 
        of taxation in the Union, I shall make one general remark; which is, that 
        if the jurisdiction of the national government, in the article of revenue, 
        should be restricted to particular objects, it would naturally occasion 
        an undue proportion of the public burdens to fall upon those objects. 
        Two evils would spring from this source: the oppression of particular 
        branches of industry; and an unequal distribution of the taxes, as well 
        among the several States as among the citizens of the same State. Suppose, as has been contended for, the federal power of taxation were 
        to be confined to duties on imports, it is evident that the government, 
        for want of being able to command other resources, would frequently be 
        tempted to extend these duties to an injurious excess. There are persons 
        who imagine that they can never be carried to too great a length; since 
        the higher they are, the more it is alleged they will tend to discourage 
        an extravagant consumption, to produce a favorable balance of trade, and 
        to promote domestic manufactures. But all extremes are pernicious in various 
        ways. Exorbitant duties on imported articles would beget a general spirit 
        of smuggling; which is always prejudicial to the fair trader, and eventually 
        to the revenue itself: they tend to render other classes of the community 
        tributary, in an improper degree, to the manufacturing classes, to whom 
        they give a premature monopoly of the markets; they sometimes force industry 
        out of its more natural channels into others in which it flows with less 
        advantage; and in the last place, they oppress the merchant, who is often 
        obliged to pay them himself without any retribution from the consumer. 
        When the demand is equal to the quantity of goods at market, the consumer 
        generally pays the duty; but when the markets happen to be overstocked, 
        a great proportion falls upon the merchant, and sometimes not only exhausts 
        his profits, but breaks in upon his capital. I am apt to think that a 
        division of the duty, between the seller and the buyer, more often happens 
        than is commonly imagined. It is not always possible to raise the price 
        of a commodity in exact proportion to every additional imposition laid 
        upon it. The merchant, especially in a country of small commercial capital, 
        is often under a necessity of keeping prices down in order to a more expeditious 
        sale. The maxim that the consumer is the payer, is so much oftener true than 
        the reverse of the proposition, that it is far more equitable that the 
        duties on imports should go into a common stock, than that they should 
        redound to the exclusive benefit of the importing States. But it is not 
        so generally true as to render it equitable, that those duties should 
        form the only national fund. When they are paid by the merchant they operate 
        as an additional tax upon the importing State, whose citizens pay their 
        proportion of them in the character of consumers. In this view they are 
        productive of inequality among the States; which inequality would be increased 
        with the increased extent of the duties. The confinement of the national 
        revenues to this species of imposts would be attended with inequality, 
        from a different cause, between the manufacturing and the non-manufacturing 
        States. The States which can go farthest towards the supply of their own 
        wants, by their own manufactures, will not, according to their numbers 
        or wealth, consume so great a proportion of imported articles as those 
        States which are not in the same favorable situation. They would not, 
        therefore, in this mode alone contribute to the public treasury in a ratio 
        to their abilities. To make them do this it is necessary that recourse 
        be had to excises, the proper objects of which are particular kinds of 
        manufactures. New York is more deeply interested in these considerations 
        than such of her citizens as contend for limiting the power of the Union 
        to external taxation may be aware of. New York is an importing State, 
        and is not likely speedily to be, to any great extent, a manufacturing 
        State. She would, of course, suffer in a double light from restraining 
        the jurisdiction of the Union to commercial imposts. So far as these observations tend to inculcate a danger of the import 
        duties being extended to an injurious extreme it may be observed, conformably 
        to a remark made in another part of these papers, that the interest of 
        the revenue itself would be a sufficient guard against such an extreme. 
        I readily admit that this would be the case, as long as other resources 
        were open; but if the avenues to them were closed, HOPE, stimulated by 
        necessity, would beget experiments, fortified by rigorous precautions 
        and additional penalties, which, for a time, would have the intended effect, 
        till there had been leisure to contrive expedients to elude these new 
        precautions. The first success would be apt to inspire false opinions, 
        which it might require a long course of subsequent experience to correct. 
        Necessity, especially in politics, often occasions false hopes, false 
        reasonings, and a system of measures correspondingly erroneous. But even 
        if this supposed excess should not be a consequence of the limitation 
        of the federal power of taxation, the inequalities spoken of would still 
        ensue, though not in the same degree, from the other causes that have 
        been noticed. Let us now return to the examination of objections. One which, if we may judge from the frequency of its repetition, seems 
        most to be relied on, is, that the House of Representatives is not sufficiently 
        numerous for the reception of all the different classes of citizens, in 
        order to combine the interests and feelings of every part of the community, 
        and to produce a due sympathy between the representative body and its 
        constituents. This argument presents itself under a very specious and 
        seducing form; and is well calculated to lay hold of the prejudices of 
        those to whom it is addressed. But when we come to dissect it with attention, 
        it will appear to be made up of nothing but fair-sounding words. The object 
        it seems to aim at is, in the first place, impracticable, and in the sense 
        in which it is contended for, is unnecessary. I reserve for another place 
        the discussion of the question which relates to the sufficiency of the 
        representative body in respect to numbers, and shall content myself with 
        examining here the particular use which has been made of a contrary supposition, 
        in reference to the immediate subject of our inquiries. The idea of an actual representation of all classes of the people, by 
        persons of each class, is altogether visionary. Unless it were expressly 
        provided in the Constitution, that each different occupation should send 
        one or more members, the thing would never take place in practice. Mechanics 
        and manufacturers will always be inclined, with few exceptions, to give 
        their votes to merchants, in preference to persons of their own professions 
        or trades. Those discerning citizens are well aware that the mechanic 
        and manufacturing arts furnish the materials of mercantile enterprise 
        and industry. Many of them, indeed, are immediately connected with the 
        operations of commerce. They know that the merchant is their natural patron 
        and friend; and they are aware, that however great the confidence they 
        may justly feel in their own good sense, their interests can be more effectually 
        promoted by the merchant than by themselves. They are sensible that their 
        habits in life have not been such as to give them those acquired endowments, 
        without which, in a deliberative assembly, the greatest natural abilities 
        are for the most part useless; and that the influence and weight, and 
        superior acquirements of the merchants render them more equal to a contest 
        with any spirit which might happen to infuse itself into the public councils, 
        unfriendly to the manufacturing and trading interests. These considerations, 
        and many others that might be mentioned prove, and experience confirms 
        it, that artisans and manufacturers will commonly be disposed to bestow 
        their votes upon merchants and those whom they recommend. We must therefore 
        consider merchants as the natural representatives of all these classes 
        of the community. With regard to the learned professions, little need be observed; they 
        truly form no distinct interest in society, and according to their situation 
        and talents, will be indiscriminately the objects of the confidence and 
        choice of each other, and of other parts of the community. Nothing remains but the landed interest; and this, in a political view, 
        and particularly in relation to taxes, I take to be perfectly united, 
        from the wealthiest landlord down to the poorest tenant. No tax can be 
        laid on land which will not affect the proprietor of millions of acres 
        as well as the proprietor of a single acre. Every landholder will therefore 
        have a common interest to keep the taxes on land as low as possible; and 
        common interest may always be reckoned upon as the surest bond of sympathy. 
        But if we even could suppose a distinction of interest between the opulent 
        landholder and the middling farmer, what reason is there to conclude, 
        that the first would stand a better chance of being deputed to the national 
        legislature than the last? If we take fact as our guide, and look into 
        our own senate and assembly, we shall find that moderate proprietors of 
        land prevail in both; nor is this less the case in the senate, which consists 
        of a smaller number, than in the assembly, which is composed of a greater 
        number. Where the qualifications of the electors are the same, whether 
        they have to choose a small or a large number, their votes will fall upon 
        those in whom they have most confidence; whether these happen to be men 
        of large fortunes, or of moderate property, or of no property at all. It is said to be necessary, that all classes of citizens should have 
        some of their own number in the representative body, in order that their 
        feelings and interests may be the better understood and attended to. But 
        we have seen that this will never happen under any arrangement that leaves 
        the votes of the people free. Where this is the case, the representative 
        body, with too few exceptions to have any influence on the spirit of the 
        government, will be composed of landholders, merchants, and men of the 
        learned professions. But where is the danger that the interests and feelings 
        of the different classes of citizens will not be understood or attended 
        to by these three descriptions of men? Will not the landholder know and 
        feel whatever will promote or insure the interest of landed property? 
        And will he not, from his own interest in that species of property, be 
        sufficiently prone to resist every attempt to prejudice or encumber it? 
        Will not the merchant understand and be disposed to cultivate, as far 
        as may be proper, the interests of the mechanic and manufacturing arts, 
        to which his commerce is so nearly allied? Will not the man of the learned 
        profession, who will feel a neutrality to the rivalships between the different 
        branches of industry, be likely to prove an impartial arbiter between 
        them, ready to promote either, so far as it shall appear to him conducive 
        to the general interests of the society? If we take into the account the momentary humors or dispositions which 
        may happen to prevail in particular parts of the society, and to which 
        a wise administration will never be inattentive, is the man whose situation 
        leads to extensive inquiry and information less likely to be a competent 
        judge of their nature, extent, and foundation than one whose observation 
        does not travel beyond the circle of his neighbors and acquaintances? 
        Is it not natural that a man who is a candidate for the favor of the people, 
        and who is dependent on the suffrages of his fellow-citizens for the continuance 
        of his public honors, should take care to inform himself of their dispositions 
        and inclinations, and should be willing to allow them their proper degree 
        of influence upon his conduct? This dependence, and the necessity of being 
        bound himself, and his posterity, by the laws to which he gives his assent, 
        are the true, and they are the strong chords of sympathy between the representative 
        and the constituent. There is no part of the administration of government that requires extensive 
        information and a thorough knowledge of the principles of political economy, 
        so much as the business of taxation. The man who understands those principles 
        best will be least likely to resort to oppressive expedients, or sacrifice 
        any particular class of citizens to the procurement of revenue. It might 
        be demonstrated that the most productive system of finance will always 
        be the least burdensome. There can be no doubt that in order to a judicious 
        exercise of the power of taxation, it is necessary that the person in 
        whose hands it should be acquainted with the general genius, habits, and 
        modes of thinking of the people at large, and with the resources of the 
        country. And this is all that can be reasonably meant by a knowledge of 
        the interests and feelings of the people. In any other sense the proposition 
        has either no meaning, or an absurd one. And in that sense let every considerate 
        citizen judge for himself where the requisite qualification is most likely 
        to be found. 
