THE author of the "Notes on the State of Virginia," quoted in the last 
        paper, has subjoined to that valuable work the draught of a constitution, 
        which had been prepared in order to be laid before a convention, expected 
        to be called in 1783, by the legislature, for the establishment of a constitution 
        for that commonwealth. The plan, like every thing from the same pen, marks 
        a turn of thinking, original, comprehensive, and accurate; and is the 
        more worthy of attention as it equally displays a fervent attachment to 
        republican government and an enlightened view of the dangerous propensities 
        against which it ought to be guarded. One of the precautions which he proposes, and on which he appears ultimately 
        to rely as a palladium to the weaker departments of power against the 
        invasions of the stronger, is perhaps altogether his own, and as it immediately 
        relates to the subject of our present inquiry, ought not to be overlooked. 
        His proposition is, "that whenever any two of the three branches of government 
        shall concur in opinion, each by the voices of two thirds of their whole 
        number, that a convention is necessary for altering the constitution, 
        or CORRECTING BREACHES OF IT, a convention shall be called for the purpose. 
        "As the people are the only legitimate fountain of power, and it is from 
        them that the constitutional charter, under which the several branches 
        of government hold their power, is derived, it seems strictly consonant 
        to the republican theory, to recur to the same original authority, not 
        only whenever it may be necessary to enlarge, diminish, or new-model the 
        powers of the government, but also whenever any one of the departments 
        may commit encroachments on the chartered authorities of the others. The 
        several departments being perfectly co-ordinate by the terms of their 
        common commission, none of them, it is evident, can pretend to an exclusive 
        or superior right of settling the boundaries between their respective 
        powers; and how are the encroachments of the stronger to be prevented, 
        or the wrongs of the weaker to be redressed, without an appeal to the 
        people themselves, who, as the grantors of the commissions, can alone 
        declare its true meaning, and enforce its observance? There is certainly 
        great force in this reasoning, and it must be allowed to prove that a 
        constitutional road to the decision of the people ought to be marked out 
        and kept open, for certain great and extraordinary occasions. But there 
        appear to be insuperable objections against the proposed recurrence to 
        the people, as a provision in all cases for keeping the several departments 
        of power within their constitutional limits. In the first place, the provision 
        does not reach the case of a combination of two of the departments against 
        the third. If the legislative authority, which possesses so many means 
        of operating on the motives of the other departments, should be able to 
        gain to its interest either of the others, or even one third of its members, 
        the remaining department could derive no advantage from its remedial provision. 
        I do not dwell, however, on this objection, because it may be thought 
        to be rather against the modification of the principle, than against the 
        principle itself. In the next place, it may be considered as an objection 
        inherent in the principle, that as every appeal to the people would carry 
        an implication of some defect in the government, frequent appeals would, 
        in a great measure, deprive the government of that veneration which time 
        bestows on every thing, and without which perhaps the wisest and freest 
        governments would not possess the requisite stability. If it be true that 
        all governments rest on opinion, it is no less true that the strength 
        of opinion in each individual, and its practical influence on his conduct, 
        depend much on the number which he supposes to have entertained the same 
        opinion. The reason of man, like man himself, is timid and cautious when 
        left alone, and acquires firmness and confidence in proportion to the 
        number with which it is associated. When the examples which fortify opinion 
        are ANCIENT as well as NUMEROUS, they are known to have a double effect. 
        In a nation of philosophers, this consideration ought to be disregarded. 
        A reverence for the laws would be sufficiently inculcated by the voice 
        of an enlightened reason. But a nation of philosophers is as little to 
        be expected as the philosophical race of kings wished for by Plato. And 
        in every other nation, the most rational government will not find it a 
        superfluous advantage to have the prejudices of the community on its side. 
        The danger of disturbing the public tranquillity by interesting too strongly 
        the public passions, is a still more serious objection against a frequent 
        reference of constitutional questions to the decision of the whole society. 
        Notwithstanding the success which has attended the revisions of our established 
        forms of government, and which does so much honor to the virtue and intelligence 
        of the people of America, it must be confessed that the experiments are 
        of too ticklish a nature to be unnecessarily multiplied. We are to recollect 
        that all the existing constitutions were formed in the midst of a danger 
        which repressed the passions most unfriendly to order and concord; of 
        an enthusiastic confidence of the people in their patriotic leaders, which 
        stifled the ordinary diversity of opinions on great national questions; 
        of a universal ardor for new and opposite forms, produced by a universal 
        resentment and indignation against the ancient government; and whilst 
        no spirit of party connected with the changes to be made, or the abuses 
        to be reformed, could mingle its leaven in the operation. The future situations 
        in which we must expect to be usually placed, do not present any equivalent 
        security against the danger which is apprehended. But the greatest objection 
        of all is, that the decisions which would probably result from such appeals 
        would not answer the purpose of maintaining the constitutional equilibrium 
        of the government. We have seen that the tendency of republican governments 
        is to an aggrandizement of the legislative at the expense of the other 
        departments. The appeals to the people, therefore, would usually be made 
        by the executive and judiciary departments. But whether made by one side 
        or the other, would each side enjoy equal advantages on the trial? Let 
        us view their different situations. The members of the executive and judiciary 
        departments are few in number, and can be personally known to a small 
        part only of the people. The latter, by the mode of their appointment, 
        as well as by the nature and permanency of it, are too far removed from 
        the people to share much in their prepossessions. The former are generally 
        the objects of jealousy, and their administration is always liable to 
        be discolored and rendered unpopular. The members of the legislative department, 
        on the other hand, are numberous. They are distributed and dwell among 
        the people at large. Their connections of blood, of friendship, and of 
        acquaintance embrace a great proportion of the most influential part of 
        the society. The nature of their public trust implies a personal influence 
        among the people, and that they are more immediately the confidential 
        guardians of the rights and liberties of the people. With these advantages, 
        it can hardly be supposed that the adverse party would have an equal chance 
        for a favorable issue. But the legislative party would not only be able 
        to plead their cause most successfully with the people. They would probably 
        be constituted themselves the judges. The same influence which had gained them an election into the legislature, 
        would gain them a seat in the convention. If this should not be the case 
        with all, it would probably be the case with many, and pretty certainly 
        with those leading characters, on whom every thing depends in such bodies. 
        The convention, in short, would be composed chiefly of men who had been, 
        who actually were, or who expected to be, members of the department whose 
        conduct was arraigned. They would consequently be parties to the very 
        question to be decided by them. It might, however, sometimes happen, that 
        appeals would be made under circumstances less adverse to the executive 
        and judiciary departments. The usurpations of the legislature might be 
        so flagrant and so sudden, as to admit of no specious coloring. A strong 
        party among themselves might take side with the other branches. The executive 
        power might be in the hands of a peculiar favorite of the people. In such 
        a posture of things, the public decision might be less swayed by prepossessions 
        in favor of the legislative party. But still it could never be expected 
        to turn on the true merits of the question. It would inevitably be connected 
        with the spirit of pre-existing parties, or of parties springing out of 
        the question itself. It would be connected with persons of distinguished 
        character and extensive influence in the community. It would be pronounced 
        by the very men who had been agents in, or opponents of, the measures 
        to which the decision would relate. The PASSIONS, therefore, not the REASON, 
        of the public would sit in judgment. But it is the reason, alone, of the 
        public, that ought to control and regulate the government. The passions 
        ought to be controlled and regulated by the government. We found in the last paper, that mere declarations in the written constitution 
        are not sufficient to restrain the several departments within their legal 
        rights. It appears in this, that occasional appeals to the people would 
        be neither a proper nor an effectual provision for that purpose. How far 
        the provisions of a different nature contained in the plan above quoted 
        might be adequate, I do not examine. Some of them are unquestionably founded 
        on sound political principles, and all of them are framed with singular 
        ingenuity and precision. 
