IT MAY be contended, perhaps, that instead of OCCASIONAL appeals to the 
        people, which are liable to the objections urged against them, PERIODICAL 
        appeals are the proper and adequate means of PREVENTING AND CORRECTING 
        INFRACTIONS OF THE CONSTITUTION. It will be attended to, that in the examination 
        of these expedients, I confine myself to their aptitude for ENFORCING 
        the Constitution, by keeping the several departments of power within their 
        due bounds, without particularly considering them as provisions for ALTERING 
        the Constitution itself. In the first view, appeals to the people at fixed 
        periods appear to be nearly as ineligible as appeals on particular occasions 
        as they emerge. If the periods be separated by short intervals, the measures to be reviewed 
        and rectified will have been of recent date, and will be connected with 
        all the circumstances which tend to vitiate and pervert the result of 
        occasional revisions. If the periods be distant from each other, the same 
        remark will be applicable to all recent measures; and in proportion as 
        the remoteness of the others may favor a dispassionate review of them, 
        this advantage is inseparable from inconveniences which seem to counterbalance 
        it. In the first place, a distant prospect of public censure would be 
        a very feeble restraint on power from those excesses to which it might 
        be urged by the force of present motives. Is it to be imagined that a 
        legislative assembly, consisting of a hundred or two hundred members, 
        eagerly bent on some favorite object, and breaking through the restraints 
        of the Constitution in pursuit of it, would be arrested in their career, 
        by considerations drawn from a censorial revision of their conduct at 
        the future distance of ten, fifteen, or twenty years? In the next place, 
        the abuses would often have completed their mischievous effects before 
        the remedial provision would be applied. And in the last place, where 
        this might not be the case, they would be of long standing, would have 
        taken deep root, and would not easily be extirpated. The scheme of revising 
        the constitution, in order to correct recent breaches of it, as well as 
        for other purposes, has been actually tried in one of the States. One 
        of the objects of the Council of Censors which met in Pennsylvania in 
        1783 and 1784, was, as we have seen, to inquire, "whether the constitution 
        had been violated, and whether the legislative and executive departments 
        had encroached upon each other. " This important and novel experiment 
        in politics merits, in several points of view, very particular attention. 
        In some of them it may, perhaps, as a single experiment, made under circumstances 
        somewhat peculiar, be thought to be not absolutely conclusive. But as 
        applied to the case under consideration, it involves some facts, which 
        I venture to remark, as a complete and satisfactory illustration of the 
        reasoning which I have employed. First. It appears, from the names of 
        the gentlemen who composed the council, that some, at least, of its most 
        active members had also been active and leading characters in the parties 
        which pre-existed in the State. Secondly. It appears that the same active and leading members of the 
        council had been active and influential members of the legislative and 
        executive branches, within the period to be reviewed; and even patrons 
        or opponents of the very measures to be thus brought to the test of the 
        constitution. Two of the members had been vice-presidents of the State, 
        and several other members of the executive council, within the seven preceding 
        years. One of them had been speaker, and a number of others distinguished 
        members, of the legislative assembly within the same period. Thirdly. Every page of their proceedings witnesses the effect of all 
        these circumstances on the temper of their deliberations. Throughout the 
        continuance of the council, it was split into two fixed and violent parties. 
        The fact is acknowledged and lamented by themselves. Had this not been 
        the case, the face of their proceedings exhibits a proof equally satisfactory. 
        In all questions, however unimportant in themselves, or unconnected with 
        each other, the same names stand invariably contrasted on the opposite 
        columns. Every unbiased observer may infer, without danger of mistake, 
        and at the same time without meaning to reflect on either party, or any 
        individuals of either party, that, unfortunately, PASSION, not REASON, 
        must have presided over their decisions. When men exercise their reason 
        coolly and freely on a variety of distinct questions, they inevitably 
        fall into different opinions on some of them. When they are governed by 
        a common passion, their opinions, if they are so to be called, will be 
        the same. Fourthly. It is at least problematical, whether the decisions of this 
        body do not, in several instances, misconstrue the limits prescribed for 
        the legislative and executive departments, instead of reducing and limiting 
        them within their constitutional places. Fifthly. I have never understood that the decisions of the council on 
        constitutional questions, whether rightly or erroneously formed, have 
        had any effect in varying the practice founded on legislative constructions. 
        It even appears, if I mistake not, that in one instance the contemporary 
        legislature denied the constructions of the council, and actually prevailed 
        in the contest. This censorial body, therefore, proves at the same time, 
        by its researches, the existence of the disease, and by its example, the 
        inefficacy of the remedy. This conclusion cannot be invalidated by alleging 
        that the State in which the experiment was made was at that crisis, and 
        had been for a long time before, violently heated and distracted by the 
        rage of party. Is it to be presumed, that at any future septennial epoch 
        the same State will be free from parties? Is it to be presumed that any 
        other State, at the same or any other given period, will be exempt from 
        them? Such an event ought to be neither presumed nor desired; because 
        an extinction of parties necessarily implies either a universal alarm 
        for the public safety, or an absolute extinction of liberty. Were the 
        precaution taken of excluding from the assemblies elected by the people, 
        to revise the preceding administration of the government, all persons 
        who should have been concerned with the government within the given period, 
        the difficulties would not be obviated. The important task would probably 
        devolve on men, who, with inferior capacities, would in other respects 
        be little better qualified. Although they might not have been personally 
        concerned in the administration, and therefore not immediately agents 
        in the measures to be examined, they would probably have been involved 
        in the parties connected with these measures, and have been elected under 
        their auspices. 
