TO WHAT expedient, then, shall we finally resort, for maintaining in 
        practice the necessary partition of power among the several departments, 
        as laid down in the Constitution? The only answer that can be given is, 
        that as all these exterior provisions are found to be inadequate, the 
        defect must be supplied, by so contriving the interior structure of the 
        government as that its several constituent parts may, by their mutual 
        relations, be the means of keeping each other in their proper places. 
        Without presuming to undertake a full development of this important idea, 
        I will hazard a few general observations, which may perhaps place it in 
        a clearer light, and enable us to form a more correct judgment of the 
        principles and structure of the government planned by the convention. 
        In order to lay a due foundation for that separate and distinct exercise 
        of the different powers of government, which to a certain extent is admitted 
        on all hands to be essential to the preservation of liberty, it is evident 
        that each department should have a will of its own; and consequently should 
        be so constituted that the members of each should have as little agency 
        as possible in the appointment of the members of the others. Were this 
        principle rigorously adhered to, it would require that all the appointments 
        for the supreme executive, legislative, and judiciary magistracies should 
        be drawn from the same fountain of authority, the people, through channels 
        having no communication whatever with one another. Perhaps such a plan 
        of constructing the several departments would be less difficult in practice 
        than it may in contemplation appear. Some difficulties, however, and some 
        additional expense would attend the execution of it. Some deviations, 
        therefore, from the principle must be admitted. In the constitution of 
        the judiciary department in particular, it might be inexpedient to insist 
        rigorously on the principle: first, because peculiar qualifications being 
        essential in the members, the primary consideration ought to be to select 
        that mode of choice which best secures these qualifications; secondly, 
        because the permanent tenure by which the appointments are held in that 
        department, must soon destroy all sense of dependence on the authority 
        conferring them. It is equally evident, that the members of each department 
        should be as little dependent as possible on those of the others, for 
        the emoluments annexed to their offices. Were the executive magistrate, 
        or the judges, not independent of the legislature in this particular, 
        their independence in every other would be merely nominal. But the great 
        security against a gradual concentration of the several powers in the 
        same department, consists in giving to those who administer each department 
        the necessary constitutional means and personal motives to resist encroachments 
        of the others. The provision for defense must in this, as in all other 
        cases, be made commensurate to the danger of attack. Ambition must be 
        made to counteract ambition. The interest of the man must be connected 
        with the constitutional rights of the place. It may be a reflection on 
        human nature, that such devices should be necessary to control the abuses 
        of government. But what is government itself, but the greatest of all 
        reflections on human nature? If men were angels, no government would be 
        necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal 
        controls on government would be necessary. In framing a government which 
        is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: 
        you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the 
        next place oblige it to control itself. A dependence on the people is, 
        no doubt, the primary control on the government; but experience has taught 
        mankind the necessity of auxiliary precautions. This policy of supplying, 
        by opposite and rival interests, the defect of better motives, might be 
        traced through the whole system of human affairs, private as well as public. 
        We see it particularly displayed in all the subordinate distributions 
        of power, where the constant aim is to divide and arrange the several 
        offices in such a manner as that each may be a check on the other that 
        the private interest of every individual may be a sentinel over the public 
        rights. These inventions of prudence cannot be less requisite in the distribution 
        of the supreme powers of the State. But it is not possible to give to 
        each department an equal power of self-defense. In republican government, 
        the legislative authority necessarily predominates. The remedy for this 
        inconveniency is to divide the legislature into different branches; and 
        to render them, by different modes of election and different principles 
        of action, as little connected with each other as the nature of their 
        common functions and their common dependence on the society will admit. 
        It may even be necessary to guard against dangerous encroachments by still 
        further precautions. As the weight of the legislative authority requires 
        that it should be thus divided, the weakness of the executive may require, 
        on the other hand, that it should be fortified. An absolute negative on 
        the legislature appears, at first view, to be the natural defense with 
        which the executive magistrate should be armed. But perhaps it would be 
        neither altogether safe nor alone sufficient. On ordinary occasions it 
        might not be exerted with the requisite firmness, and on extraordinary 
        occasions it might be perfidiously abused. May not this defect of an absolute 
        negative be supplied by some qualified connection between this weaker 
        department and the weaker branch of the stronger department, by which 
        the latter may be led to support the constitutional rights of the former, 
        without being too much detached from the rights of its own department? 
        If the principles on which these observations are founded be just, as 
        I persuade myself they are, and they be applied as a criterion to the 
        several State constitutions, and to the federal Constitution it will be 
        found that if the latter does not perfectly correspond with them, the 
        former are infinitely less able to bear such a test. There are, moreover, 
        two considerations particularly applicable to the federal system of America, 
        which place that system in a very interesting point of view. First. In 
        a single republic, all the power surrendered by the people is submitted 
        to the administration of a single government; and the usurpations are 
        guarded against by a division of the government into distinct and separate 
        departments. In the compound republic of America, the power surrendered 
        by the people is first divided between two distinct governments, and then 
        the portion allotted to each subdivided among distinct and separate departments. 
        Hence a double security arises to the rights of the people. The different 
        governments will control each other, at the same time that each will be 
        controlled by itself. Second. It is of great importance in a republic 
        not only to guard the society against the oppression of its rulers, but 
        to guard one part of the society against the injustice of the other part. 
        Different interests necessarily exist in different classes of citizens. 
        If a majority be united by a common interest, the rights of the minority 
        will be insecure. There are but two methods of providing against this 
        evil: the one by creating a will in the community independent of the majority 
        that is, of the society itself; the other, by comprehending in the society 
        so many separate descriptions of citizens as will render an unjust combination 
        of a majority of the whole very improbable, if not impracticable. The 
        first method prevails in all governments possessing an hereditary or self-appointed 
        authority. This, at best, is but a precarious security; because a power 
        independent of the society may as well espouse the unjust views of the 
        major, as the rightful interests of the minor party, and may possibly 
        be turned against both parties. The second method will be exemplified 
        in the federal republic of the United States. Whilst all authority in 
        it will be derived from and dependent on the society, the society itself 
        will be broken into so many parts, interests, and classes of citizens, 
        that the rights of individuals, or of the minority, will be in little 
        danger from interested combinations of the majority. In a free government 
        the security for civil rights must be the same as that for religious rights. 
        It consists in the one case in the multiplicity of interests, and in the 
        other in the multiplicity of sects. The degree of security in both cases 
        will depend on the number of interests and sects; and this may be presumed 
        to depend on the extent of country and number of people comprehended under 
        the same government. This view of the subject must particularly recommend 
        a proper federal system to all the sincere and considerate friends of 
        republican government, since it shows that in exact proportion as the 
        territory of the Union may be formed into more circumscribed Confederacies, 
        or States oppressive combinations of a majority will be facilitated: the 
        best security, under the republican forms, for the rights of every class 
        of citizens, will be diminished: and consequently the stability and independence 
        of some member of the government, the only other security, must be proportionately 
        increased. Justice is the end of government. It is the end of civil society. 
        It ever has been and ever will be pursued until it be obtained, or until 
        liberty be lost in the pursuit. In a society under the forms of which 
        the stronger faction can readily unite and oppress the weaker, anarchy 
        may as truly be said to reign as in a state of nature, where the weaker 
        individual is not secured against the violence of the stronger; and as, 
        in the latter state, even the stronger individuals are prompted, by the 
        uncertainty of their condition, to submit to a government which may protect 
        the weak as well as themselves; so, in the former state, will the more 
        powerful factions or parties be gradnally induced, by a like motive, to 
        wish for a government which will protect all parties, the weaker as well 
        as the more powerful. It can be little doubted that if the State of Rhode 
        Island was separated from the Confederacy and left to itself, the insecurity 
        of rights under the popular form of government within such narrow limits 
        would be displayed by such reiterated oppressions of factious majorities 
        that some power altogether independent of the people would soon be called 
        for by the voice of the very factions whose misrule had proved the necessity 
        of it. In the extended republic of the United States, and among the great 
        variety of interests, parties, and sects which it embraces, a coalition 
        of a majority of the whole society could seldom take place on any other 
        principles than those of justice and the general good; whilst there being 
        thus less danger to a minor from the will of a major party, there must 
        be less pretext, also, to provide for the security of the former, by introducing 
        into the government a will not dependent on the latter, or, in other words, 
        a will independent of the society itself. It is no less certain than it 
        is important, notwithstanding the contrary opinions which have been entertained, 
        that the larger the society, provided it lie within a practical sphere, 
        the more duly capable it will be of self-government. And happily for the 
        REPUBLICAN CAUSE, the practicable sphere may be carried to a very great 
        extent, by a judicious modification and mixture of the FEDERAL PRINCIPLE.
