THE number of which the House of Representatives is to consist, forms 
        another and a very interesting point of view, under which this branch 
        of the federal legislature may be contemplated. Scarce any article, indeed, in the whole Constitution seems to be rendered 
        more worthy of attention, by the weight of character and the apparent 
        force of argument with which it has been assailed. The charges exhibited against it are, first, that so small a number of 
        representatives will be an unsafe depositary of the public interests; 
        secondly, that they will not possess a proper knowledge of the local circumstances 
        of their numerous constituents; thirdly, that they will be taken from 
        that class of citizens which will sympathize least with the feelings of 
        the mass of the people, and be most likely to aim at a permanent elevation 
        of the few on the depression of the many; fourthly, that defective as 
        the number will be in the first instance, it will be more and more disproportionate, 
        by the increase of the people, and the obstacles which will prevent a 
        correspondent increase of the representatives. In general it may be remarked 
        on this subject, that no political problem is less susceptible of a precise 
        solution than that which relates to the number most convenient for a representative 
        legislature; nor is there any point on which the policy of the several 
        States is more at variance, whether we compare their legislative assemblies 
        directly with each other, or consider the proportions which they respectively 
        bear to the number of their constituents. Passing over the difference 
        between the smallest and largest States, as Delaware, whose most numerous 
        branch consists of twenty-one representatives, and Massachusetts, where 
        it amounts to between three and four hundred, a very considerable difference 
        is observable among States nearly equal in population. The number of representatives 
        in Pennsylvania is not more than one fifth of that in the State last mentioned. 
        New York, whose population is to that of South Carolina as six to five, 
        has little more than one third of the number of representatives. As great 
        a disparity prevails between the States of Georgia and Delaware or Rhode 
        Island. In Pennsylvania, the representatives do not bear a greater proportion 
        to their constituents than of one for every four or five thousand. In 
        Rhode Island, they bear a proportion of at least one for every thousand. 
        And according to the constitution of Georgia, the proportion may be carried 
        to one to every ten electors; and must unavoidably far exceed the proportion 
        in any of the other States. Another general remark to be made is, that 
        the ratio between the representatives and the people ought not to be the 
        same where the latter are very numerous as where they are very few. Were 
        the representatives in Virginia to be regulated by the standard in Rhode 
        Island, they would, at this time, amount to between four and five hundred; 
        and twenty or thirty years hence, to a thousand. On the other hand, the 
        ratio of Pennsylvania, if applied to the State of Delaware, would reduce 
        the representative assembly of the latter to seven or eight members. Nothing 
        can be more fallacious than to found our political calculations on arithmetical 
        principles. Sixty or seventy men may be more properly trusted with a given 
        degree of power than six or seven. But it does not follow that six or 
        seven hundred would be proportionably a better depositary. And if we carry 
        on the supposition to six or seven thousand, the whole reasoning ought 
        to be reversed. The truth is, that in all cases a certain number at least 
        seems to be necessary to secure the benefits of free consultation and 
        discussion, and to guard against too easy a combination for improper purposes; 
        as, on the other hand, the number ought at most to be kept within a certain 
        limit, in order to avoid the confusion and intemperance of a multitude. 
        In all very numerous assemblies, of whatever character composed, passion 
        never fails to wrest the sceptre from reason. Had every Athenian citizen been a Socrates, every Athenian assembly would 
        still have been a mob. It is necessary also to recollect here the observations which were applied 
        to the case of biennial elections. For the same reason that the limited 
        powers of the Congress, and the control of the State legislatures, justify 
        less frequent elections than the public safely might otherwise require, 
        the members of the Congress need be less numerous than if they possessed 
        the whole power of legislation, and were under no other than the ordinary 
        restraints of other legislative bodies. With these general ideas in our 
        mind, let us weigh the objections which have been stated against the number 
        of members proposed for the House of Representatives. It is said, in the 
        first place, that so small a number cannot be safely trusted with so much 
        power. The number of which this branch of the legislature is to consist, 
        at the outset of the government, will be sixty five. Within three years 
        a census is to be taken, when the number may be augmented to one for every 
        thirty thousand inhabitants; and within every successive period of ten 
        years the census is to be renewed, and augmentations may continue to be 
        made under the above limitation. It will not be thought an extravagant 
        conjecture that the first census will, at the rate of one for every thirty 
        thousand, raise the number of representatives to at least one hundred. 
        Estimating the negroes in the proportion of three fifths, it can scarcely 
        be doubted that the population of the United States will by that time, 
        if it does not already, amount to three millions. At the expiration of 
        twenty-five years, according to the computed rate of increase, the number 
        of representatives will amount to two hundred, and of fifty years, to 
        four hundred. This is a number which, I presume, will put an end to all 
        fears arising from the smallness of the body. I take for granted here 
        what I shall, in answering the fourth objection, hereafter show, that 
        the number of representatives will be augmented from time to time in the 
        manner provided by the Constitution. On a contrary supposition, I should 
        admit the objection to have very great weight indeed. The true question 
        to be decided then is, whether the smallness of the number, as a temporary 
        regulation, be dangerous to the public liberty? Whether sixty-five members 
        for a few years, and a hundred or two hundred for a few more, be a safe 
        depositary for a limited and well-guarded power of legislating for the 
        United States? I must own that I could not give a negative answer to this 
        question, without first obliterating every impression which I have received 
        with regard to the present genius of the people of America, the spirit 
        which actuates the State legislatures, and the principles which are incorporated 
        with the political character of every class of citizens I am unable to 
        conceive that the people of America, in their present temper, or under 
        any circumstances which can speedily happen, will choose, and every second 
        year repeat the choice of, sixty-five or a hundred men who would be disposed 
        to form and pursue a scheme of tyranny or treachery. I am unable to conceive 
        that the State legislatures, which must feel so many motives to watch, 
        and which possess so many means of counteracting, the federal legislature, 
        would fail either to detect or to defeat a conspiracy of the latter against 
        the liberties of their common constituents. I am equally unable to conceive 
        that there are at this time, or can be in any short time, in the United 
        States, any sixty-five or a hundred men capable of recommending themselves 
        to the choice of the people at large, who would either desire or dare, 
        within the short space of two years, to betray the solemn trust committed 
        to them. What change of circumstances, time, and a fuller population of 
        our country may produce, requires a prophetic spirit to declare, which 
        makes no part of my pretensions. But judging from the circumstances now 
        before us, and from the probable state of them within a moderate period 
        of time, I must pronounce that the liberties of America cannot be unsafe 
        in the number of hands proposed by the federal Constitution. From what 
        quarter can the danger proceed? Are we afraid of foreign gold? If foreign 
        gold could so easily corrupt our federal rulers and enable them to ensnare 
        and betray their constituents, how has it happened that we are at this 
        time a free and independent nation? The Congress which conducted us through 
        the Revolution was a less numerous body than their successors will be; 
        they were not chosen by, nor responsible to, their fellow citizens at 
        large; though appointed from year to year, and recallable at pleasure, 
        they were generally continued for three years, and prior to the ratification 
        of the federal articles, for a still longer term. They held their consultations always under the veil of secrecy; they 
        had the sole transaction of our affairs with foreign nations; through 
        the whole course of the war they had the fate of their country more in 
        their hands than it is to be hoped will ever be the case with our future 
        representatives; and from the greatness of the prize at stake, and the 
        eagerness of the party which lost it, it may well be supposed that the 
        use of other means than force would not have been scrupled. Yet we know 
        by happy experience that the public trust was not betrayed; nor has the 
        purity of our public councils in this particular ever suffered, even from 
        the whispers of calumny. Is the danger apprehended from the other branches 
        of the federal government? But where are the means to be found by the President, or the Senate, 
        or both? Their emoluments of office, it is to be presumed, will not, and 
        without a previous corruption of the House of Representatives cannot, 
        more than suffice for very different purposes; their private fortunes, 
        as they must all be American citizens, cannot possibly be sources of danger. 
        The only means, then, which they can possess, will be in the dispensation 
        of appointments. Is it here that suspicion rests her charge? Sometimes 
        we are told that this fund of corruption is to be exhausted by the President 
        in subduing the virtue of the Senate. Now, the fidelity of the other House 
        is to be the victim. The improbability of such a mercenary and perfidious 
        combination of the several members of government, standing on as different 
        foundations as republican principles will well admit, and at the same 
        time accountable to the society over which they are placed, ought alone 
        to quiet this apprehension. But, fortunately, the Constitution has provided 
        a still further safeguard. The members of the Congress are rendered ineligible 
        to any civil offices that may be created, or of which the emoluments may 
        be increased, during the term of their election. No offices therefore can be dealt out to the existing members but such 
        as may become vacant by ordinary casualties: and to suppose that these 
        would be sufficient to purchase the guardians of the people, selected 
        by the people themselves, is to renounce every rule by which events ought 
        to be calculated, and to substitute an indiscriminate and unbounded jealousy, 
        with which all reasoning must be vain. The sincere friends of liberty, 
        who give themselves up to the extravagancies of this passion, are not 
        aware of the injury they do their own cause. As there is a degree of depravity 
        in mankind which requires a certain degree of circumspection and distrust, 
        so there are other qualities in human nature which justify a certain portion 
        of esteem and confidence. Republican government presupposes the existence 
        of these qualities in a higher degree than any other form. Were the pictures 
        which have been drawn by the political jealousy of some among us faithful 
        likenesses of the human character, the inference would be, that there 
        is not sufficient virtue among men for self-government; and that nothing 
        less than the chains of despotism can restrain them from destroying and 
        devouring one another. 
