THE SECOND charge against the House of Representatives is, that it will 
        be too small to possess a due knowledge of the interests of its constituents. 
        As this objection evidently proceeds from a comparison of the proposed 
        number of representatives with the great extent of the United States, 
        the number of their inhabitants, and the diversity of their interests, 
        without taking into view at the same time the circumstances which will 
        distinguish the Congress from other legislative bodies, the best answer 
        that can be given to it will be a brief explanation of these peculiarities. 
        It is a sound and important principle that the representative ought to 
        be acquainted with the interests and circumstances of his constituents. 
        But this principle can extend no further than to those circumstances and 
        interests to which the authority and care of the representative relate. 
        An ignorance of a variety of minute and particular objects, which do not 
        lie within the compass of legislation, is consistent with every attribute 
        necessary to a due performance of the legislative trust. In determining 
        the extent of information required in the exercise of a particular authority, 
        recourse then must be had to the objects within the purview of that authority. 
        What are to be the objects of federal legislation? Those which are of 
        most importance, and which seem most to require local knowledge, are commerce, 
        taxation, and the militia. A proper regulation of commerce requires much 
        information, as has been elsewhere remarked; but as far as this information 
        relates to the laws and local situation of each individual State, a very 
        few representatives would be very sufficient vehicles of it to the federal 
        councils. Taxation will consist, in a great measure, of duties which will 
        be involved in the regulation of commerce. So far the preceding remark 
        is applicable to this object. As far as it may consist of internal collections, 
        a more diffusive knowledge of the circumstances of the State may be necessary. 
        But will not this also be possessed in sufficient degree by a very few 
        intelligent men, diffusively elected within the State? Divide the largest 
        State into ten or twelve districts, and it will be found that there will 
        be no peculiar local interests in either, which will not be within the 
        knowledge of the representative of the district. Besides this source of 
        information, the laws of the State, framed by representatives from every 
        part of it, will be almost of themselves a sufficient guide. In every 
        State there have been made, and must continue to be made, regulations 
        on this subject which will, in many cases, leave little more to be done 
        by the federal legislature, than to review the different laws, and reduce 
        them in one general act. A skillful individual in his closet with all 
        the local codes before him, might compile a law on some subjects of taxation 
        for the whole union, without any aid from oral information, and it may 
        be expected that whenever internal taxes may be necessary, and particularly 
        in cases requiring uniformity throughout the States, the more simple objects 
        will be preferred. To be fully sensible of the facility which will be 
        given to this branch of federal legislation by the assistance of the State 
        codes, we need only suppose for a moment that this or any other State 
        were divided into a number of parts, each having and exercising within 
        itself a power of local legislation. Is it not evident that a degree of 
        local information and preparatory labor would be found in the several 
        volumes of their proceedings, which would very much shorten the labors 
        of the general legislature, and render a much smaller number of members 
        sufficient for it? The federal councils will derive great advantage from 
        another circumstance. The representatives of each State will not only 
        bring with them a considerable knowledge of its laws, and a local knowledge 
        of their respective districts, but will probably in all cases have been 
        members, and may even at the very time be members, of the State legislature, 
        where all the local information and interests of the State are assembled, 
        and from whence they may easily be conveyed by a very few hands into the 
        legislature of the United States. The observations made on the subject 
        of taxation apply with greater force to the case of the militia. For however 
        different the rules of discipline may be in different States, they are 
        the same throughout each particular State; and depend on circumstances 
        which can differ but little in different parts of the same State. The 
        attentive reader will discern that the reasoning here used, to prove the 
        sufficiency of a moderate number of representatives, does not in any respect 
        contradict what was urged on another occasion with regard to the extensive 
        information which the representatives ought to possess, and the time that 
        might be necessary for acquiring it. This information, so far as it may 
        relate to local objects, is rendered necessary and difficult, not by a 
        difference of laws and local circumstances within a single State, but 
        of those among different States. Taking each State by itself, its laws 
        are the same, and its interests but little diversified. A few men, therefore, 
        will possess all the knowledge requisite for a proper representation of 
        them. Were the interests and affairs of each individual State perfectly 
        simple and uniform, a knowledge of them in one part would involve a knowledge 
        of them in every other, and the whole State might be competently represented 
        by a single member taken from any part of it. On a comparison of the different 
        States together, we find a great dissimilarity in their laws, and in many 
        other circumstances connected with the objects of federal legislation, 
        with all of which the federal representatives ought to have some acquaintance. 
        Whilst a few representatives, therefore, from each State, may bring with 
        them a due knowledge of their own State, every representative will have 
        much information to acquire concerning all the other States. The changes of time, as was formerly remarked, on the comparative situation 
        of the different States, will have an assimilating effect. The effect 
        of time on the internal affairs of the States, taken singly, will be just 
        the contrary. At present some of the States are little more than a society 
        of husbandmen. Few of them have made much progress in those branches of 
        industry which give a variety and complexity to the affairs of a nation. 
        These, however, will in all of them be the fruits of a more advanced population, 
        and will require, on the part of each State, a fuller representation. 
        The foresight of the convention has accordingly taken care that the progress 
        of population may be accompanied with a proper increase of the representative 
        branch of the government. The experience of Great Britain, which presents 
        to mankind so many political lessons, both of the monitory and exemplary 
        kind, and which has been frequently consulted in the course of these inquiries, 
        corroborates the result of the reflections which we have just made. The 
        number of inhabitants in the two kingdoms of England and Scotland cannot 
        be stated at less than eight millions. The representatives of these eight 
        millions in the House of Commons amount to five hundred and fifty-eight. Of this number, one ninth are elected by three hundred and sixty-four 
        persons, and one half, by five thousand seven hundred and twenty-three 
        persons. [1] It cannot be supposed that the half thus elected, and who 
        do not even reside among the people at large, can add any thing either 
        to the security of the people against the government, or to the knowledge 
        of their circumstances and interests in the legislative councils. On the 
        contrary, it is notorious, that they are more frequently the representatives 
        and instruments of the executive magistrate, than the guardians and advocates 
        of the popular rights. They might therefore, with great propriety, be 
        considered as something more than a mere deduction from the real representatives 
        of the nation. We will, however, consider them in this light alone, and 
        will not extend the deduction to a considerable number of others, who 
        do not reside among their constituents, are very faintly connected with 
        them, and have very little particular knowledge of their affairs. With 
        all these concessions, two hundred and seventy-nine persons only will 
        be the depository of the safety, interest, and happiness of eight millions 
        that is to say, there will be one representative only to maintain the 
        rights and explain the situation OF TWENTY-EIGHT THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED 
        AND SEVENTY constituents, in an assembly exposed to the whole force of 
        executive influence, and extending its authority to every object of legislation 
        within a nation whose affairs are in the highest degree diversified and 
        complicated. Yet it is very certain, not only that a valuable portion 
        of freedom has been preserved under all these circumstances, but that 
        the defects in the British code are chargeable, in a very small proportion, 
        on the ignorance of the legislature concerning the circumstances of the 
        people. Allowing to this case the weight which is due to it, and comparing 
        it with that of the House of Representatives as above explained it seems 
        to give the fullest assurance, that a representative for every THIRTY 
        THOUSAND INHABITANTS will render the latter both a safe and competent 
        guardian of the interests which will be confided to it. 
