THE remaining charge against the House of Representatives, which I am 
        to examine, is grounded on a supposition that the number of members will 
        not be augmented from time to time, as the progress of population may 
        demand. It has been admitted, that this objection, if well supported, 
        would have great weight. The following observations will show that, like 
        most other objections against the Constitution, it can only proceed from 
        a partial view of the subject, or from a jealousy which discolors and 
        disfigures every object which is beheld. 1. Those who urge the objection 
        seem not to have recollected that the federal Constitution will not suffer 
        by a comparison with the State constitutions, in the security provided 
        for a gradual augmentation of the number of representatives. The number 
        which is to prevail in the first instance is declared to be temporary. 
        Its duration is limited to the short term of three years. Within every 
        successive term of ten years a census of inhabitants is to be repeated. 
        The unequivocal objects of these regulations are, first, to readjust, 
        from time to time, the apportionment of representatives to the number 
        of inhabitants, under the single exception that each State shall have 
        one representative at least; secondly, to augment the number of representatives 
        at the same periods, under the sole limitation that the whole number shall 
        not exceed one for every thirty thousand inhabitants. If we review the 
        constitutions of the several States, we shall find that some of them contain 
        no determinate regulations on this subject, that others correspond pretty 
        much on this point with the federal Constitution, and that the most effectual 
        security in any of them is resolvable into a mere directory provision. 
        2. As far as experience has taken place on this subject, a gradual increase 
        of representatives under the State constitutions has at least kept pace 
        with that of the constituents, and it appears that the former have been 
        as ready to concur in such measures as the latter have been to call for 
        them. 3. There is a peculiarity in the federal Constitution which insures 
        a watchful attention in a majority both of the people and of their representatives 
        to a constitutional augmentation of the latter. The peculiarity lies in 
        this, that one branch of the legislature is a representation of citizens, 
        the other of the States: in the former, consequently, the larger States 
        will have most weight; in the latter, the advantage will be in favor of 
        the smaller States. From this circumstance it may with certainty be inferred 
        that the larger States will be strenuous advocates for increasing the 
        number and weight of that part of the legislature in which their influence 
        predominates. And it so happens that four only of the largest will have 
        a majority of the whole votes in the House of Representatives. Should 
        the representatives or people, therefore, of the smaller States oppose 
        at any time a reasonable addition of members, a coalition of a very few 
        States will be sufficient to overrule the opposition; a coalition which, 
        notwithstanding the rivalship and local prejudices which might prevent 
        it on ordinary occasions, would not fail to take place, when not merely 
        prompted by common interest, but justified by equity and the principles 
        of the Constitution. It may be alleged, perhaps, that the Senate would 
        be prompted by like motives to an adverse coalition; and as their concurrence 
        would be indispensable, the just and constitutional views of the other 
        branch might be defeated. This is the difficulty which has probably created 
        the most serious apprehensions in the jealous friends of a numerous representation. 
        Fortunately it is among the difficulties which, existing only in appearance, 
        vanish on a close and accurate inspection. The following reflections will, 
        if I mistake not, be admitted to be conclusive and satisfactory on this 
        point. Notwithstanding the equal authority which will subsist between 
        the two houses on all legislative subjects, except the originating of 
        money bills, it cannot be doubted that the House, composed of the greater 
        number of members, when supported by the more powerful States, and speaking 
        the known and determined sense of a majority of the people, will have 
        no small advantage in a question depending on the comparative firmness 
        of the two houses. This advantage must be increased by the consciousness, 
        felt by the same side of being supported in its demands by right, by reason, 
        and by the Constitution; and the consciousness, on the opposite side, 
        of contending against the force of all these solemn considerations. It 
        is farther to be considered, that in the gradation between the smallest 
        and largest States, there are several, which, though most likely in general 
        to arrange themselves among the former are too little removed in extent 
        and population from the latter, to second an opposition to their just 
        and legitimate pretensions. Hence it is by no means certain that a majority 
        of votes, even in the Senate, would be unfriendly to proper augmentations 
        in the number of representatives. It will not be looking too far to add, 
        that the senators from all the new States may be gained over to the just 
        views of the House of Representatives, by an expedient too obvious to 
        be overlooked. As these States will, for a great length of time, advance 
        in population with peculiar rapidity, they will be interested in frequent 
        reapportionments of the representatives to the number of inhabitants. 
        The large States, therefore, who will prevail in the House of Representatives, 
        will have nothing to do but to make reapportionments and augmentations 
        mutually conditions of each other; and the senators from all the most 
        growing States will be bound to contend for the latter, by the interest 
        which their States will feel in the former. These considerations seem 
        to afford ample security on this subject, and ought alone to satisfy all 
        the doubts and fears which have been indulged with regard to it. Admitting, 
        however, that they should all be insufficient to subdue the unjust policy 
        of the smaller States, or their predominant influence in the councils 
        of the Senate, a constitutional and infallible resource still remains 
        with the larger States, by which they will be able at all times to accomplish 
        their just purposes. The House of Representatives cannot only refuse, 
        but they alone can propose, the supplies requisite for the support of 
        government. They, in a word, hold the purse that powerful instrument by 
        which we behold, in the history of the British Constitution, an infant 
        and humble representation of the people gradually enlarging the sphere 
        of its activity and importance, and finally reducing, as far as it seems 
        to have wished, all the overgrown prerogatives of the other branches of 
        the government. This power over the purse may, in fact, be regarded as 
        the most complete and effectual weapon with which any constitution can 
        arm the immediate representatives of the people, for obtaining a redress 
        of every grievance, and for carrying into effect every just and salutary 
        measure. But will not the House of Representatives be as much interested 
        as the Senate in maintaining the government in its proper functions, and 
        will they not therefore be unwilling to stake its existence or its reputation 
        on the pliancy of the Senate? Or, if such a trial of firmness between 
        the two branches were hazarded, would not the one be as likely first to 
        yield as the other? These questions will create no difficulty with those 
        who reflect that in all cases the smaller the number, and the more permanent 
        and conspicuous the station, of men in power, the stronger must be the 
        interest which they will individually feel in whatever concerns the government. 
        Those who represent the dignity of their country in the eyes of other 
        nations, will be particularly sensible to every prospect of public danger, 
        or of dishonorable stagnation in public affairs. To those causes we are 
        to ascribe the continual triumph of the British House of Commons over 
        the other branches of the government, whenever the engine of a money bill 
        has been employed. An absolute inflexibility on the side of the latter, 
        although it could not have failed to involve every department of the state 
        in the general confusion, has neither been apprehended nor experienced. 
        The utmost degree of firmness that can be displayed by the federal Senate 
        or President, will not be more than equal to a resistance in which they 
        will be supported by constitutional and patriotic principles. In this 
        review of the Constitution of the House of Representatives, I have passed 
        over the circumstances of economy, which, in the present state of affairs, 
        might have had some effect in lessening the temporary number of representatives, 
        and a disregard of which would probably have been as rich a theme of declamation 
        against the Constitution as has been shown by the smallness of the number 
        proposed. I omit also any remarks on the difficulty which might be found, 
        under present circumstances, in engaging in the federal service a large 
        number of such characters as the people will probably elect. One observation, 
        however, I must be permitted to add on this subject as claiming, in my 
        judgment, a very serious attention. It is, that in all legislative assemblies 
        the greater the number composing them may be, the fewer will be the men 
        who will in fact direct their proceedings. In the first place, the more 
        numerous an assembly may be, of whatever characters composed, the greater 
        is known to be the ascendency of passion over reason. In the next place, 
        the larger the number, the greater will be the proportion of members of 
        limited information and of weak capacities. Now, it is precisely on characters 
        of this description that the eloquence and address of the few are known 
        to act with all their force. In the ancient republics, where the whole 
        body of the people assembled in person, a single orator, or an artful 
        statesman, was generally seen to rule with as complete a sway as if a 
        sceptre had been placed in his single hand. On the same principle, the 
        more multitudinous a representative assembly may be rendered, the more 
        it will partake of the infirmities incident to collective meetings of 
        the people. Ignorance will be the dupe of cunning, and passion the slave of sophistry 
        and declamation. The people can never err more than in supposing that 
        by multiplying their representatives beyond a certain limit, they strengthen 
        the barrier against the government of a few. Experience will forever admonish 
        them that, on the contrary, AFTER SECURING A SUFFICIENT NUMBER FOR THE 
        PURPOSES OF SAFETY, OF LOCAL INFORMATION, AND OF DIFFUSIVE SYMPATHY WITH 
        THE WHOLE SOCIETY, they will counteract their own views by every addition 
        to their representatives. The countenance of the government may become 
        more democratic, but the soul that animates it will be more oligarchic. 
        The machine will be enlarged, but the fewer, and often the more secret, 
        will be the springs by which its motions are directed. As connected with 
        the objection against the number of representatives, may properly be here 
        noticed, that which has been suggested against the number made competent 
        for legislative business. It has been said that more than a majority ought 
        to have been required for a quorum; and in particular cases, if not in 
        all, more than a majority of a quorum for a decision. That some advantages 
        might have resulted from such a precaution, cannot be denied. It might 
        have been an additional shield to some particular interests, and another 
        obstacle generally to hasty and partial measures. But these considerations 
        are outweighed by the inconveniences in the opposite scale. In all cases 
        where justice or the general good might require new laws to be passed, 
        or active measures to be pursued, the fundamental principle of free government 
        would be reversed. It would be no longer the majority that would rule: 
        the power would be transferred to the minority. Were the defensive privilege 
        limited to particular cases, an interested minority might take advantage 
        of it to screen themselves from equitable sacrifices to the general weal, 
        or, in particular emergencies, to extort unreasonable indulgences. Lastly, 
        it would facilitate and foster the baneful practice of secessions; a practice 
        which has shown itself even in States where a majority only is required; 
        a practice subversive of all the principles of order and regular government; 
        a practice which leads more directly to public convulsions, and the ruin 
        of popular governments, than any other which has yet been displayed among 
        us. 
