IT IS a just and not a new observation, that enemies to particular persons, 
        and opponents to particular measures, seldom confine their censures to 
        such things only in either as are worthy of blame. Unless on this principle, 
        it is difficult to explain the motives of their conduct, who condemn the 
        proposed Constitution in the aggregate, and treat with severity some of 
        the most unexceptionable articles in it. The second section gives power to the President, "BY AND WITH THE ADVICE 
        AND CONSENT OF THE SENATE, TO MAKE TREATIES, PROVIDED TWO THIRDS OF THE 
        SENATORS PRESENT CONCUR." The power of making treaties is an important one, especially as it relates 
        to war, peace, and commerce; and it should not be delegated but in such 
        a mode, and with such precautions, as will afford the highest security 
        that it will be exercised by men the best qualified for the purpose, and 
        in the manner most conducive to the public good. The convention appears 
        to have been attentive to both these points: they have directed the President 
        to be chosen by select bodies of electors, to be deputed by the people 
        for that express purpose; and they have committed the appointment of senators 
        to the State legislatures. This mode has, in such cases, vastly the advantage 
        of elections by the people in their collective capacity, where the activity 
        of party zeal, taking the advantage of the supineness, the ignorance, 
        and the hopes and fears of the unwary and interested, often places men 
        in office by the votes of a small proportion of the electors. As the select assemblies for choosing the President, as well as the State 
        legislatures who appoint the senators, will in general be composed of 
        the most enlightened and respectable citizens, there is reason to presume 
        that their attention and their votes will be directed to those men only 
        who have become the most distinguished by their abilities and virtue, 
        and in whom the people perceive just grounds for confidence. The Constitution 
        manifests very particular attention to this object. By excluding men under 
        thirty-five from the first office, and those under thirty from the second, 
        it confines the electors to men of whom the people have had time to form 
        a judgment, and with respect to whom they will not be liable to be deceived 
        by those brilliant appearances of genius and patriotism, which, like transient 
        meteors, sometimes mislead as well as dazzle. If the observation be well 
        founded, that wise kings will always be served by able ministers, it is 
        fair to argue, that as an assembly of select electors possess, in a greater 
        degree than kings, the means of extensive and accurate information relative 
        to men and characters, so will their appointments bear at least equal 
        marks of discretion and discernment. The inference which naturally results 
        from these considerations is this, that the President and senators so 
        chosen will always be of the number of those who best understand our national 
        interests, whether considered in relation to the several States or to 
        foreign nations, who are best able to promote those interests, and whose 
        reputation for integrity inspires and merits confidence. With such men 
        the power of making treaties may be safely lodged. Although the absolute necessity of system, in the conduct of any business, 
        is universally known and acknowledged, yet the high importance of it in 
        national affairs has not yet become sufficiently impressed on the public 
        mind. They who wish to commit the power under consideration to a popular 
        assembly, composed of members constantly coming and going in quick succession, 
        seem not to recollect that such a body must necessarily be inadequate 
        to the attainment of those great objects, which require to be steadily 
        contemplated in all their relations and circumstances, and which can only 
        be approached and achieved by measures which not only talents, but also 
        exact information, and often much time, are necessary to concert and to 
        execute. It was wise, therefore, in the convention to provide, not only 
        that the power of making treaties should be committed to able and honest 
        men, but also that they should continue in place a sufficient time to 
        become perfectly acquainted with our national concerns, and to form and 
        introduce a system for the management of them. The duration prescribed 
        is such as will give them an opportunity of greatly extending their political 
        information, and of rendering their accumulating experience more and more 
        beneficial to their country. Nor has the convention discovered less prudence 
        in providing for the frequent elections of senators in such a way as to 
        obviate the inconvenience of periodically transferring those great affairs 
        entirely to new men; for by leaving a considerable residue of the old 
        ones in place, uniformity and order, as well as a constant succession 
        of official information will be preserved. There are a few who will not admit that the affairs of trade and navigation 
        should be regulated by a system cautiously formed and steadily pursued; 
        and that both our treaties and our laws should correspond with and be 
        made to promote it. It is of much consequence that this correspondence 
        and conformity be carefully maintained; and they who assent to the truth 
        of this position will see and confess that it is well provided for by 
        making concurrence of the Senate necessary both to treaties and to laws. It seldom happens in the negotiation of treaties, of whatever nature, 
        but that perfect SECRECY and immediate DESPATCH are sometimes requisite. 
        These are cases where the most useful intelligence may be obtained, if 
        the persons possessing it can be relieved from apprehensions of discovery. 
        Those apprehensions will operate on those persons whether they are actuated 
        by mercenary or friendly motives; and there doubtless are many of both 
        descriptions, who would rely on the secrecy of the President, but who 
        would not confide in that of the Senate, and still less in that of a large 
        popular Assembly. The convention have done well, therefore, in so disposing 
        of the power of making treaties, that although the President must, in 
        forming them, act by the advice and consent of the Senate, yet he will 
        be able to manage the business of intelligence in such a manner as prudence 
        may suggest. They who have turned their attention to the affairs of men, must have 
        perceived that there are tides in them; tides very irregular in their 
        duration, strength, and direction, and seldom found to run twice exactly 
        in the same manner or measure. To discern and to profit by these tides 
        in national affairs is the business of those who preside over them; and 
        they who have had much experience on this head inform us, that there frequently 
        are occasions when days, nay, even when hours, are precious. The loss 
        of a battle, the death of a prince, the removal of a minister, or other 
        circumstances intervening to change the present posture and aspect of 
        affairs, may turn the most favorable tide into a course opposite to our 
        wishes. As in the field, so in the cabinet, there are moments to be seized 
        as they pass, and they who preside in either should be left in capacity 
        to improve them. So often and so essentially have we heretofore suffered 
        from the want of secrecy and despatch, that the Constitution would have 
        been inexcusably defective, if no attention had been paid to those objects. 
        Those matters which in negotiations usually require the most secrecy and 
        the most despatch, are those preparatory and auxiliary measures which 
        are not otherwise important in a national view, than as they tend to facilitate 
        the attainment of the objects of the negotiation. For these, the President 
        will find no difficulty to provide; and should any circumstance occur 
        which requires the advice and consent of the Senate, he may at any time 
        convene them. Thus we see that the Constitution provides that our negotiations 
        for treaties shall have every advantage which can be derived from talents, 
        information, integrity, and deliberate investigations, on the one hand, 
        and from secrecy and despatch on the other. But to this plan, as to most others that have ever appeared, objections 
        are contrived and urged. Some are displeased with it, not on account of any errors or defects 
        in it, but because, as the treaties, when made, are to have the force 
        of laws, they should be made only by men invested with legislative authority. 
        These gentlemen seem not to consider that the judgments of our courts, 
        and the commissions constitutionally given by our governor, are as valid 
        and as binding on all persons whom they concern, as the laws passed by 
        our legislature. All constitutional acts of power, whether in the executive 
        or in the judicial department, have as much legal validity and obligation 
        as if they proceeded from the legislature; and therefore, whatever name 
        be given to the power of making treaties, or however obligatory they may 
        be when made, certain it is, that the people may, with much propriety, 
        commit the power to a distinct body from the legislature, the executive, 
        or the judicial. It surely does not follow, that because they have given 
        the power of making laws to the legislature, that therefore they should 
        likewise give them the power to do every other act of sovereignty by which 
        the citizens are to be bound and affected. Others, though content that treaties should be made in the mode proposed, 
        are averse to their being the SUPREME laws of the land. They insist, and 
        profess to believe, that treaties like acts of assembly, should be repealable 
        at pleasure. This idea seems to be new and peculiar to this country, but 
        new errors, as well as new truths, often appear. These gentlemen would 
        do well to reflect that a treaty is only another name for a bargain, and 
        that it would be impossible to find a nation who would make any bargain 
        with us, which should be binding on them ABSOLUTELY, but on us only so 
        long and so far as we may think proper to be bound by it. They who make 
        laws may, without doubt, amend or repeal them; and it will not be disputed 
        that they who make treaties may alter or cancel them; but still let us 
        not forget that treaties are made, not by only one of the contracting 
        parties, but by both; and consequently, that as the consent of both was 
        essential to their formation at first, so must it ever afterwards be to 
        alter or cancel them. The proposed Constitution, therefore, has not in 
        the least extended the obligation of treaties. They are just as binding, 
        and just as far beyond the lawful reach of legislative acts now, as they 
        will be at any future period, or under any form of government. However useful jealousy may be in republics, yet when like bile in the 
        natural, it abounds too much in the body politic, the eyes of both become 
        very liable to be deceived by the delusive appearances which that malady 
        casts on surrounding objects. From this cause, probably, proceed the fears 
        and apprehensions of some, that the President and Senate may make treaties 
        without an equal eye to the interests of all the States. Others suspect 
        that two thirds will oppress the remaining third, and ask whether those 
        gentlemen are made sufficiently responsible for their conduct; whether, 
        if they act corruptly, they can be punished; and if they make disadvantageous 
        treaties, how are we to get rid of those treaties? As all the States are equally represented in the Senate, and by men the 
        most able and the most willing to promote the interests of their constituents, 
        they will all have an equal degree of influence in that body, especially 
        while they continue to be careful in appointing proper persons, and to 
        insist on their punctual attendance. In proportion as the United States 
        assume a national form and a national character, so will the good of the 
        whole be more and more an object of attention, and the government must 
        be a weak one indeed, if it should forget that the good of the whole can 
        only be promoted by advancing the good of each of the parts or members 
        which compose the whole. It will not be in the power of the President 
        and Senate to make any treaties by which they and their families and estates 
        will not be equally bound and affected with the rest of the community; 
        and, having no private interests distinct from that of the nation, they 
        will be under no temptations to neglect the latter. As to corruption, the case is not supposable. He must either have been 
        very unfortunate in his intercourse with the world, or possess a heart 
        very susceptible of such impressions, who can think it probable that the 
        President and two thirds of the Senate will ever be capable of such unworthy 
        conduct. The idea is too gross and too invidious to be entertained. But 
        in such a case, if it should ever happen, the treaty so obtained from 
        us would, like all other fraudulent contracts, be null and void by the 
        law of nations. With respect to their responsibility, it is difficult to conceive how 
        it could be increased. Every consideration that can influence the human 
        mind, such as honor, oaths, reputations, conscience, the love of country, 
        and family affections and attachments, afford security for their fidelity. 
        In short, as the Constitution has taken the utmost care that they shall 
        be men of talents and integrity, we have reason to be persuaded that the 
        treaties they make will be as advantageous as, all circumstances considered, 
        could be made; and so far as the fear of punishment and disgrace can operate, 
        that motive to good behavior is amply afforded by the article on the subject 
        of impeachments. 
