THE remaining powers which the plan of the convention allots to the Senate, 
        in a distinct capacity, are comprised in their participation with the 
        executive in the appointment to offices, and in their judicial character 
        as a court for the trial of impeachments. As in the business of appointments 
        the executive will be the principal agent, the provisions relating to 
        it will most properly be discussed in the examination of that department. 
        We will, therefore, conclude this head with a view of the judicial character 
        of the Senate. A well-constituted court for the trial of impeachments is an object not 
        more to be desired than difficult to be obtained in a government wholly 
        elective. The subjects of its jurisdiction are those offenses which proceed 
        from the misconduct of public men, or, in other words, from the abuse 
        or violation of some public trust. They are of a nature which may with 
        peculiar propriety be denominated POLITICAL, as they relate chiefly to 
        injuries done immediately to the society itself. The prosecution of them, 
        for this reason, will seldom fail to agitate the passions of the whole 
        community, and to divide it into parties more or less friendly or inimical 
        to the accused. In many cases it will connect itself with the pre-existing 
        factions, and will enlist all their animosities, partialities, influence, 
        and interest on one side or on the other; and in such cases there will 
        always be the greatest danger that the decision will be regulated more 
        by the comparative strength of parties, than by the real demonstrations 
        of innocence or guilt. The delicacy and magnitude of a trust which so deeply concerns the political 
        reputation and existence of every man engaged in the administration of 
        public affairs, speak for themselves. The difficulty of placing it rightly, 
        in a government resting entirely on the basis of periodical elections, 
        will as readily be perceived, when it is considered that the most conspicuous 
        characters in it will, from that circumstance, be too often the leaders 
        or the tools of the most cunning or the most numerous faction, and on 
        this account, can hardly be expected to possess the requisite neutrality 
        towards those whose conduct may be the subject of scrutiny. The convention, it appears, thought the Senate the most fit depositary 
        of this important trust. Those who can best discern the intrinsic difficulty 
        of the thing, will be least hasty in condemning that opinion, and will 
        be most inclined to allow due weight to the arguments which may be supposed 
        to have produced it. What, it may be asked, is the true spirit of the institution itself? 
        Is it not designed as a method of NATIONAL INQUEST into the conduct of 
        public men? If this be the design of it, who can so properly be the inquisitors 
        for the nation as the representatives of the nation themselves? It is 
        not disputed that the power of originating the inquiry, or, in other words, 
        of preferring the impeachment, ought to be lodged in the hands of one 
        branch of the legislative body. Will not the reasons which indicate the 
        propriety of this arrangement strongly plead for an admission of the other 
        branch of that body to a share of the inquiry? The model from which the 
        idea of this institution has been borrowed, pointed out that course to 
        the convention. In Great Britain it is the province of the House of Commons 
        to prefer the impeachment, and of the House of Lords to decide upon it. 
        Several of the State constitutions have followed the example. As well 
        the latter, as the former, seem to have regarded the practice of impeachments 
        as a bridle in the hands of the legislative body upon the executive servants 
        of the government. Is not this the true light in which it ought to be 
        regarded? Where else than in the Senate could have been found a tribunal sufficiently 
        dignified, or sufficiently independent? What other body would be likely 
        to feel CONFIDENCE ENOUGH IN ITS OWN SITUATION, to preserve, unawed and 
        uninfluenced, the necessary impartiality between an INDIVIDUAL accused, 
        and the REPRESENTATIVES OF THE PEOPLE, HIS ACCUSERS? Could the Supreme Court have been relied upon as answering this description? 
        It is much to be doubted, whether the members of that tribunal would at 
        all times be endowed with so eminent a portion of fortitude, as would 
        be called for in the execution of so difficult a task; and it is still 
        more to be doubted, whether they would possess the degree of credit and 
        authority, which might, on certain occasions, be indispensable towards 
        reconciling the people to a decision that should happen to clash with 
        an accusation brought by their immediate representatives. A deficiency 
        in the first, would be fatal to the accused; in the last, dangerous to 
        the public tranquillity. The hazard in both these respects, could only 
        be avoided, if at all, by rendering that tribunal more numerous than would 
        consist with a reasonable attention to economy. The necessity of a numerous 
        court for the trial of impeachments, is equally dictated by the nature 
        of the proceeding. This can never be tied down by such strict rules, either 
        in the delineation of the offense by the prosecutors, or in the construction 
        of it by the judges, as in common cases serve to limit the discretion 
        of courts in favor of personal security. There will be no jury to stand 
        between the judges who are to pronounce the sentence of the law, and the 
        party who is to receive or suffer it. The awful discretion which a court 
        of impeachments must necessarily have, to doom to honor or to infamy the 
        most confidential and the most distinguished characters of the community, 
        forbids the commitment of the trust to a small number of persons. These considerations seem alone sufficient to authorize a conclusion, 
        that the Supreme Court would have been an improper substitute for the 
        Senate, as a court of impeachments. There remains a further consideration, 
        which will not a little strengthen this conclusion. It is this: The punishment 
        which may be the consequence of conviction upon impeachment, is not to 
        terminate the chastisement of the offender. After having been sentenced 
        to a perpetual ostracism from the esteem and confidence, and honors and 
        emoluments of his country, he will still be liable to prosecution and 
        punishment in the ordinary course of law. Would it be proper that the 
        persons who had disposed of his fame, and his most valuable rights as 
        a citizen in one trial, should, in another trial, for the same offense, 
        be also the disposers of his life and his fortune? Would there not be 
        the greatest reason to apprehend, that error, in the first sentence, would 
        be the parent of error in the second sentence? That the strong bias of 
        one decision would be apt to overrule the influence of any new lights 
        which might be brought to vary the complexion of another decision? Those 
        who know anything of human nature, will not hesitate to answer these questions 
        in the affirmative; and will be at no loss to perceive, that by making 
        the same persons judges in both cases, those who might happen to be the 
        objects of prosecution would, in a great measure, be deprived of the double 
        security intended them by a double trial. The loss of life and estate 
        would often be virtually included in a sentence which, in its terms, imported 
        nothing more than dismission from a present, and disqualification for 
        a future, office. It may be said, that the intervention of a jury, in 
        the second instance, would obviate the danger. But juries are frequently 
        influenced by the opinions of judges. They are sometimes induced to find 
        special verdicts, which refer the main question to the decision of the 
        court. Who would be willing to stake his life and his estate upon the 
        verdict of a jury acting under the auspices of judges who had predetermined 
        his guilt? Would it have been an improvement of the plan, to have united the Supreme 
        Court with the Senate, in the formation of the court of impeachments? 
        This union would certainly have been attended with several advantages; 
        but would they not have been overbalanced by the signal disadvantage, 
        already stated, arising from the agency of the same judges in the double 
        prosecution to which the offender would be liable? To a certain extent, 
        the benefits of that union will be obtained from making the chief justice 
        of the Supreme Court the president of the court of impeachments, as is 
        proposed to be done in the plan of the convention; while the inconveniences 
        of an entire incorporation of the former into the latter will be substantially 
        avoided. This was perhaps the prudent mean. I forbear to remark upon the 
        additional pretext for clamor against the judiciary, which so considerable 
        an augmentation of its authority would have afforded. Would it have been desirable to have composed the court for the trial 
        of impeachments, of persons wholly distinct from the other departments 
        of the government? There are weighty arguments, as well against, as in 
        favor of, such a plan. To some minds it will not appear a trivial objection, 
        that it could tend to increase the complexity of the political machine, 
        and to add a new spring to the government, the utility of which would 
        at best be questionable. But an objection which will not be thought by 
        any unworthy of attention, is this: a court formed upon such a plan, would 
        either be attended with a heavy expense, or might in practice be subject 
        to a variety of casualties and inconveniences. It must either consist 
        of permanent officers, stationary at the seat of government, and of course 
        entitled to fixed and regular stipends, or of certain officers of the 
        State governments to be called upon whenever an impeachment was actually 
        depending. It will not be easy to imagine any third mode materially different, 
        which could rationally be proposed. As the court, for reasons already 
        given, ought to be numerous, the first scheme will be reprobated by every 
        man who can compare the extent of the public wants with the means of supplying 
        them. The second will be espoused with caution by those who will seriously 
        consider the difficulty of collecting men dispersed over the whole Union; 
        the injury to the innocent, from the procrastinated determination of the 
        charges which might be brought against them; the advantage to the guilty, 
        from the opportunities which delay would afford to intrigue and corruption; 
        and in some cases the detriment to the State, from the prolonged inaction 
        of men whose firm and faithful execution of their duty might have exposed 
        them to the persecution of an intemperate or designing majority in the 
        House of Representatives. Though this latter supposition may seem harsh, 
        and might not be likely often to be verified, yet it ought not to be forgotten 
        that the demon of faction will, at certain seasons, extend his sceptre 
        over all numerous bodies of men. But though one or the other of the substitutes which have been examined, 
        or some other that might be devised, should be thought preferable to the 
        plan in this respect, reported by the convention, it will not follow that 
        the Constitution ought for this reason to be rejected. If mankind were 
        to resolve to agree in no institution of government, until every part 
        of it had been adjusted to the most exact standard of perfection, society 
        would soon become a general scene of anarchy, and the world a desert. 
        Where is the standard of perfection to be found? Who will undertake to 
        unite the discordant opinions of a whole community, in the same judgment 
        of it; and to prevail upon one conceited projector to renounce his INFALLIBLE 
        criterion for the FALLIBLE criterion of his more CONCEITED NEIGHBOR? To 
        answer the purpose of the adversaries of the Constitution, they ought 
        to prove, not merely that particular provisions in it are not the best 
        which might have been imagined, but that the plan upon the whole is bad 
        and pernicious. 
