A REVIEW of the principal objections that have appeared against the proposed 
        court for the trial of impeachments, will not improbably eradicate the 
        remains of any unfavorable impressions which may still exist in regard 
        to this matter. The FIRST of these objections is, that the provision in question confounds 
        legislative and judiciary authorities in the same body, in violation of 
        that important and well established maxim which requires a separation 
        between the different departments of power. The true meaning of this maxim 
        has been discussed and ascertained in another place, and has been shown 
        to be entirely compatible with a partial intermixture of those departments 
        for special purposes, preserving them, in the main, distinct and unconnected. 
        This partial intermixture is even, in some cases, not only proper but 
        necessary to the mutual defense of the several members of the government 
        against each other. An absolute or qualified negative in the executive 
        upon the acts of the legislative body, is admitted, by the ablest adepts 
        in political science, to be an indispensable barrier against the encroachments 
        of the latter upon the former. And it may, perhaps, with no less reason 
        be contended, that the powers relating to impeachments are, as before 
        intimated, an essential check in the hands of that body upon the encroachments 
        of the executive. The division of them between the two branches of the 
        legislature, assigning to one the right of accusing, to the other the 
        right of judging, avoids the inconvenience of making the same persons 
        both accusers and judges; and guards against the danger of persecution, 
        from the prevalency of a factious spirit in either of those branches. 
        As the concurrence of two thirds of the Senate will be requisite to a 
        condemnation, the security to innocence, from this additional circumstance, 
        will be as complete as itself can desire. It is curious to observe, with what vehemence this part of the plan is 
        assailed, on the principle here taken notice of, by men who profess to 
        admire, without exception, the constitution of this State; while that 
        constitution makes the Senate, together with the chancellor and judges 
        of the Supreme Court, not only a court of impeachments, but the highest 
        judicatory in the State, in all causes, civil and criminal. The proportion, 
        in point of numbers, of the chancellor and judges to the senators, is 
        so inconsiderable, that the judiciary authority of New York, in the last 
        resort, may, with truth, be said to reside in its Senate. If the plan 
        of the convention be, in this respect, chargeable with a departure from 
        the celebrated maxim which has been so often mentioned, and seems to be 
        so little understood, how much more culpable must be the constitution 
        of New York? [1] A SECOND objection to the Senate, as a court of impeachments, is, that 
        it contributes to an undue accumulation of power in that body, tending 
        to give to the government a countenance too aristocratic. The Senate, 
        it is observed, is to have concurrent authority with the Executive in 
        the formation of treaties and in the appointment to offices: if, say the 
        objectors, to these prerogatives is added that of deciding in all cases 
        of impeachment, it will give a decided predominancy to senatorial influence. 
        To an objection so little precise in itself, it is not easy to find a 
        very precise answer. Where is the measure or criterion to which we can 
        appeal, for determining what will give the Senate too much, too little, 
        or barely the proper degree of influence? Will it not be more safe, as 
        well as more simple, to dismiss such vague and uncertain calculations, 
        to examine each power by itself, and to decide, on general principles, 
        where it may be deposited with most advantage and least inconvenience? If we take this course, it will lead to a more intelligible, if not to 
        a more certain result. The disposition of the power of making treaties, 
        which has obtained in the plan of the convention, will, then, if I mistake 
        not, appear to be fully justified by the considerations stated in a former 
        number, and by others which will occur under the next head of our inquiries. 
        The expediency of the junction of the Senate with the Executive, in the 
        power of appointing to offices, will, I trust, be placed in a light not 
        less satisfactory, in the disquisitions under the same head. And I flatter 
        myself the observations in my last paper must have gone no inconsiderable 
        way towards proving that it was not easy, if practicable, to find a more 
        fit receptacle for the power of determining impeachments, than that which 
        has been chosen. If this be truly the case, the hypothetical dread of 
        the too great weight of the Senate ought to be discarded from our reasonings. But this hypothesis, such as it is, has already been refuted in the remarks 
        applied to the duration in office prescribed for the senators. It was 
        by them shown, as well on the credit of historical examples, as from the 
        reason of the thing, that the most POPULAR branch of every government, 
        partaking of the republican genius, by being generally the favorite of 
        the people, will be as generally a full match, if not an overmatch, for 
        every other member of the Government. But independent of this most active and operative principle, to secure 
        the equilibrium of the national House of Representatives, the plan of 
        the convention has provided in its favor several important counterpoises 
        to the additional authorities to be conferred upon the Senate. The exclusive 
        privilege of originating money bills will belong to the House of Representatives. 
        The same house will possess the sole right of instituting impeachments: 
        is not this a complete counterbalance to that of determining them? The 
        same house will be the umpire in all elections of the President, which 
        do not unite the suffrages of a majority of the whole number of electors; 
        a case which it cannot be doubted will sometimes, if not frequently, happen. 
        The constant possibility of the thing must be a fruitful source of influence 
        to that body. The more it is contemplated, the more important will appear 
        this ultimate though contingent power, of deciding the competitions of 
        the most illustrious citizens of the Union, for the first office in it. 
        It would not perhaps be rash to predict, that as a mean of influence it 
        will be found to outweigh all the peculiar attributes of the Senate. A THIRD objection to the Senate as a court of impeachments, is drawn 
        from the agency they are to have in the appointments to office. It is 
        imagined that they would be too indulgent judges of the conduct of men, 
        in whose official creation they had participated. The principle of this 
        objection would condemn a practice, which is to be seen in all the State 
        governments, if not in all the governments with which we are acquainted: 
        I mean that of rendering those who hold offices during pleasure, dependent 
        on the pleasure of those who appoint them. With equal plausibility might 
        it be alleged in this case, that the favoritism of the latter would always 
        be an asylum for the misbehavior of the former. But that practice, in 
        contradiction to this principle, proceeds upon the presumption, that the 
        responsibility of those who appoint, for the fitness and competency of 
        the persons on whom they bestow their choice, and the interest they will 
        have in the respectable and prosperous administration of affairs, will 
        inspire a sufficient disposition to dismiss from a share in it all such 
        who, by their conduct, shall have proved themselves unworthy of the confidence 
        reposed in them. Though facts may not always correspond with this presumption, 
        yet if it be, in the main, just, it must destroy the supposition that 
        the Senate, who will merely sanction the choice of the Executive, should 
        feel a bias, towards the objects of that choice, strong enough to blind 
        them to the evidences of guilt so extraordinary, as to have induced the 
        representatives of the nation to become its accusers. If any further arguments were necessary to evince the improbability of 
        such a bias, it might be found in the nature of the agency of the Senate 
        in the business of appointments. It will be the office of the President to NOMINATE, and, with the advice 
        and consent of the Senate, to APPOINT. There will, of course, be no exertion 
        of CHOICE on the part of the Senate. They may defeat one choice of the 
        Executive, and oblige him to make another; but they cannot themselves 
        CHOOSE, they can only ratify or reject the choice of the President. They 
        might even entertain a preference to some other person, at the very moment 
        they were assenting to the one proposed, because there might be no positive 
        ground of opposition to him; and they could not be sure, if they withheld 
        their assent, that the subsequent nomination would fall upon their own 
        favorite, or upon any other person in their estimation more meritorious 
        than the one rejected. Thus it could hardly happen, that the majority 
        of the Senate would feel any other complacency towards the object of an 
        appointment than such as the appearances of merit might inspire, and the 
        proofs of the want of it destroy. A FOURTH objection to the Senate in the capacity of a court of impeachments, 
        is derived from its union with the Executive in the power of making treaties. 
        This, it has been said, would constitute the senators their own judges, 
        in every case of a corrupt or perfidious execution of that trust. After 
        having combined with the Executive in betraying the interests of the nation 
        in a ruinous treaty, what prospect, it is asked, would there be of their 
        being made to suffer the punishment they would deserve, when they were 
        themselves to decide upon the accusation brought against them for the 
        treachery of which they have been guilty? This objection has been circulated with more earnestness and with greater 
        show of reason than any other which has appeared against this part of 
        the plan; and yet I am deceived if it does not rest upon an erroneous 
        foundation. The security essentially intended by the Constitution against corruption 
        and treachery in the formation of treaties, is to be sought for in the 
        numbers and characters of those who are to make them. The JOINT AGENCY 
        of the Chief Magistrate of the Union, and of two thirds of the members 
        of a body selected by the collective wisdom of the legislatures of the 
        several States, is designed to be the pledge for the fidelity of the national 
        councils in this particular. The convention might with propriety have 
        meditated the punishment of the Executive, for a deviation from the instructions 
        of the Senate, or a want of integrity in the conduct of the negotiations 
        committed to him; they might also have had in view the punishment of a 
        few leading individuals in the Senate, who should have prostituted their 
        influence in that body as the mercenary instruments of foreign corruption: 
        but they could not, with more or with equal propriety, have contemplated 
        the impeachment and punishment of two thirds of the Senate, consenting 
        to an improper treaty, than of a majority of that or of the other branch 
        of the national legislature, consenting to a pernicious or unconstitutional 
        law, a principle which, I believe, has never been admitted into any government. 
        How, in fact, could a majority in the House of Representatives impeach 
        themselves? Not better, it is evident, than two thirds of the Senate might 
        try themselves. And yet what reason is there, that a majority of the House 
        of Representatives, sacrificing the interests of the society by an unjust 
        and tyrannical act of legislation, should escape with impunity, more than 
        two thirds of the Senate, sacrificing the same interests in an injurious 
        treaty with a foreign power? The truth is, that in all such cases it is 
        essential to the freedom and to the necessary independence of the deliberations 
        of the body, that the members of it should be exempt from punishment for 
        acts done in a collective capacity; and the security to the society must 
        depend on the care which is taken to confide the trust to proper hands, 
        to make it their interest to execute it with fidelity, and to make it 
        as difficult as possible for them to combine in any interest opposite 
        to that of the public good. So far as might concern the misbehavior of the Executive in perverting 
        the instructions or contravening the views of the Senate, we need not 
        be apprehensive of the want of a disposition in that body to punish the 
        abuse of their confidence or to vindicate their own authority. We may 
        thus far count upon their pride, if not upon their virtue. And so far 
        even as might concern the corruption of leading members, by whose arts 
        and influence the majority may have been inveigled into measures odious 
        to the community, if the proofs of that corruption should be satisfactory, 
        the usual propensity of human nature will warrant us in concluding that 
        there would be commonly no defect of inclination in the body to divert 
        the public resentment from themselves by a ready sacrifice of the authors 
        of their mismanagement and disgrace. 
