THE mode of appointment of the Chief Magistrate of the United States 
        is almost the only part of the system, of any consequence, which has escaped 
        without severe censure, or which has received the slightest mark of approbation 
        from its opponents. The most plausible of these, who has appeared in print, 
        has even deigned to admit that the election of the President is pretty 
        well guarded. [1] I venture somewhat further, and hesitate 
        not to affirm, that if the manner of it be not perfect, it is at least 
        excellent. It unites in an eminent degree all the advantages, the union 
        of which was to be wished for. It was desirable that the sense of the people should operate in the choice 
        of the person to whom so important a trust was to be confided. This end 
        will be answered by committing the right of making it, not to any preestablished 
        body, but to men chosen by the people for the special purpose, and at 
        the particular conjuncture. It was equally desirable, that the immediate election should be made 
        by men most capable of analyzing the qualities adapted to the station, 
        and acting under circumstances favorable to deliberation, and to a judicious 
        combination of all the reasons and inducements which were proper to govern 
        their choice. A small number of persons, selected by their fellow-citizens 
        from the general mass, will be most likely to possess the information 
        and discernment requisite to such complicated investigations. It was also peculiarly desirable to afford as little opportunity as possible 
        to tumult and disorder. This evil was not least to be dreaded in the election 
        of a magistrate, who was to have so important an agency in the administration 
        of the government as the President of the United States. But the precautions 
        which have been so happily concerted in the system under consideration, 
        promise an effectual security against this mischief. The choice of SEVERAL, 
        to form an intermediate body of electors, will be much less apt to convulse 
        the community with any extraordinary or violent movements, than the choice 
        of ONE who was himself to be the final object of the public wishes. And 
        as the electors, chosen in each State, are to assemble and vote in the 
        State in which they are chosen, this detached and divided situation will 
        expose them much less to heats and ferments, which might be communicated 
        from them to the people, than if they were all to be convened at one time, 
        in one place. Nothing was more to be desired than that every practicable obstacle should 
        be opposed to cabal, intrigue, and corruption. These most deadly adversaries 
        of republican government might naturally have been expected to make their 
        approaches from more than one quarter, but chiefly from the desire in 
        foreign powers to gain an improper ascendant in our councils. How could 
        they better gratify this, than by raising a creature of their own to the 
        chief magistracy of the Union? But the convention have guarded against 
        all danger of this sort, with the most provident and judicious attention. 
        They have not made the appointment of the President to depend on any preexisting 
        bodies of men, who might be tampered with beforehand to prostitute their 
        votes; but they have referred it in the first instance to an immediate 
        act of the people of America, to be exerted in the choice of persons for 
        the temporary and sole purpose of making the appointment. And they have 
        excluded from eligibility to this trust, all those who from situation 
        might be suspected of too great devotion to the President in office. No 
        senator, representative, or other person holding a place of trust or profit 
        under the United States, can be of the numbers of the electors. Thus without 
        corrupting the body of the people, the immediate agents in the election 
        will at least enter upon the task free from any sinister bias. Their transient 
        existence, and their detached situation, already taken notice of, afford 
        a satisfactory prospect of their continuing so, to the conclusion of it. 
        The business of corruption, when it is to embrace so considerable a number 
        of men, requires time as well as means. Nor would it be found easy suddenly 
        to embark them, dispersed as they would be over thirteen States, in any 
        combinations founded upon motives, which though they could not properly 
        be denominated corrupt, might yet be of a nature to mislead them from 
        their duty. Another and no less important desideratum was, that the Executive should 
        be independent for his continuance in office on all but the people themselves. 
        He might otherwise be tempted to sacrifice his duty to his complaisance 
        for those whose favor was necessary to the duration of his official consequence. 
        This advantage will also be secured, by making his re-election to depend 
        on a special body of representatives, deputed by the society for the single 
        purpose of making the important choice. All these advantages will happily combine in the plan devised by the 
        convention; which is, that the people of each State shall choose a number 
        of persons as electors, equal to the number of senators and representatives 
        of such State in the national government, who shall assemble within the 
        State, and vote for some fit person as President. Their votes, thus given, 
        are to be transmitted to the seat of the national government, and the 
        person who may happen to have a majority of the whole number of votes 
        will be the President. But as a majority of the votes might not always 
        happen to centre in one man, and as it might be unsafe to permit less 
        than a majority to be conclusive, it is provided that, in such a contingency, 
        the House of Representatives shall select out of the candidates who shall 
        have the five highest number of votes, the man who in their opinion may 
        be best qualified for the office. The process of election affords a moral certainty, that the office of 
        President will never fall to the lot of any man who is not in an eminent 
        degree endowed with the requisite qualifications. Talents for low intrigue, 
        and the little arts of popularity, may alone suffice to elevate a man 
        to the first honors in a single State; but it will require other talents, 
        and a different kind of merit, to establish him in the esteem and confidence 
        of the whole Union, or of so considerable a portion of it as would be 
        necessary to make him a successful candidate for the distinguished office 
        of President of the United States. It will not be too strong to say, that 
        there will be a constant probability of seeing the station filled by characters 
        pre-eminent for ability and virtue. And this will be thought no inconsiderable 
        recommendation of the Constitution, by those who are able to estimate 
        the share which the executive in every government must necessarily have 
        in its good or ill administration. Though we cannot acquiesce in the political 
        heresy of the poet who says: "For forms of government let fools contest 
        That which is best administered is best," yet we may safely pronounce, 
        that the true test of a good government is its aptitude and tendency to 
        produce a good administration. The Vice-President is to be chosen in the same manner with the President; 
        with this difference, that the Senate is to do, in respect to the former, 
        what is to be done by the House of Representatives, in respect to the 
        latter. The appointment of an extraordinary person, as Vice-President, has been 
        objected to as superfluous, if not mischievous. It has been alleged, that 
        it would have been preferable to have authorized the Senate to elect out 
        of their own body an officer answering that description. But two considerations 
        seem to justify the ideas of the convention in this respect. One is, that 
        to secure at all times the possibility of a definite resolution of the 
        body, it is necessary that the President should have only a casting vote. 
        And to take the senator of any State from his seat as senator, to place 
        him in that of President of the Senate, would be to exchange, in regard 
        to the State from which he came, a constant for a contingent vote. The 
        other consideration is, that as the Vice-President may occasionally become 
        a substitute for the President, in the supreme executive magistracy, all 
        the reasons which recommend the mode of election prescribed for the one, 
        apply with great if not with equal force to the manner of appointing the 
        other. It is remarkable that in this, as in most other instances, the 
        objection which is made would lie against the constitution of this State. 
        We have a Lieutenant-Governor, chosen by the people at large, who presides 
        in the Senate, and is the constitutional substitute for the Governor, 
        in casualties similar to those which would authorize the Vice-President 
        to exercise the authorities and discharge the duties of the President. 
      
