I PROCEED now to trace the real characters of the proposed Executive, 
        as they are marked out in the plan of the convention. This will serve 
        to place in a strong light the unfairness of the representations which 
        have been made in regard to it. The first thing which strikes our attention is, that the executive authority, 
        with few exceptions, is to be vested in a single magistrate. This will 
        scarcely, however, be considered as a point upon which any comparison 
        can be grounded; for if, in this particular, there be a resemblance to 
        the king of Great Britain, there is not less a resemblance to the Grand 
        Seignior, to the khan of Tartary, to the Man of the Seven Mountains, or 
        to the governor of New York. That magistrate is to be elected for FOUR years; and is to be re-eligible 
        as often as the people of the United States shall think him worthy of 
        their confidence. In these circumstances there is a total dissimilitude 
        between HIM and a king of Great Britain, who is an HEREDITARY monarch, 
        possessing the crown as a patrimony descendible to his heirs forever; 
        but there is a close analogy between HIM and a governor of New York, who 
        is elected for THREE years, and is re-eligible without limitation or intermission. 
        If we consider how much less time would be requisite for establishing 
        a dangerous influence in a single State, than for establishing a like 
        influence throughout the United States, we must conclude that a duration 
        of FOUR years for the Chief Magistrate of the Union is a degree of permanency 
        far less to be dreaded in that office, than a duration of THREE years 
        for a corresponding office in a single State. The President of the United States would be liable to be impeached, tried, 
        and, upon conviction of treason, bribery, or other high crimes or misdemeanors, 
        removed from office; and would afterwards be liable to prosecution and 
        punishment in the ordinary course of law. The person of the king of Great 
        Britain is sacred and inviolable; there is no constitutional tribunal 
        to which he is amenable; no punishment to which he can be subjected without 
        involving the crisis of a national revolution. In this delicate and important 
        circumstance of personal responsibility, the President of Confederated 
        America would stand upon no better ground than a governor of New York, 
        and upon worse ground than the governors of Maryland and Delaware. The President of the United States is to have power to return a bill, 
        which shall have passed the two branches of the legislature, for reconsideration; 
        and the bill so returned is to become a law, if, upon that reconsideration, 
        it be approved by two thirds of both houses. The king of Great Britain, 
        on his part, has an absolute negative upon the acts of the two houses 
        of Parliament. The disuse of that power for a considerable time past does 
        not affect the reality of its existence; and is to be ascribed wholly 
        to the crown's having found the means of substituting influence to authority, 
        or the art of gaining a majority in one or the other of the two houses, 
        to the necessity of exerting a prerogative which could seldom be exerted 
        without hazarding some degree of national agitation. The qualified negative 
        of the President differs widely from this absolute negative of the British 
        sovereign; and tallies exactly with the revisionary authority of the council 
        of revision of this State, of which the governor is a constituent part. 
        In this respect the power of the President would exceed that of the governor 
        of New York, because the former would possess, singly, what the latter 
        shares with the chancellor and judges; but it would be precisely the same 
        with that of the governor of Massachusetts, whose constitution, as to 
        this article, seems to have been the original from which the convention 
        have copied. The President is to be the ``commander-in-chief of the army and navy 
        of the United States, and of the militia of the several States, when called 
        into the actual service of the United States. He is to have power to grant 
        reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States, EXCEPT IN 
        CASES OF IMPEACHMENT; to recommend to the consideration of Congress such 
        measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient; to convene, on extraordinary 
        occasions, both houses of the legislature, or either of them, and, in 
        case of disagreement between them WITH RESPECT TO THE TIME OF ADJOURNMENT, 
        to adjourn them to such time as he shall think proper; to take care that 
        the laws be faithfully executed; and to commission all officers of the 
        United States." In most of these particulars, the power of the President 
        will resemble equally that of the king of Great Britain and of the governor 
        of New York. The most material points of difference are these: First. 
        The President will have only the occasional command of such part of the 
        militia of the nation as by legislative provision may be called into the 
        actual service of the Union. The king of Great Britain and the governor 
        of New York have at all times the entire command of all the militia within 
        their several jurisdictions. In this article, therefore, the power of 
        the President would be inferior to that of either the monarch or the governor. 
        Secondly. The President is to be commander-in-chief of the army and navy 
        of the United States. In this respect his authority would be nominally 
        the same with that of the king of Great Britain, but in substance much 
        inferior to it. It would amount to nothing more than the supreme command 
        and direction of the military and naval forces, as first General and admiral 
        of the Confederacy; while that of the British king extends to the DECLARING 
        of war and to the RAISING and REGULATING of fleets and armies, all which, 
        by the Constitution under consideration, would appertain to the legislature. 
        [1] The governor of New York, on the other hand, is by the constitution 
        of the State vested only with the command of its militia and navy. But 
        the constitutions of several of the States expressly declare their governors 
        to be commanders-in-chief, as well of the army as navy; and it may well 
        be a question, whether those of New Hampshire and Massachusetts, in particular, 
        do not, in this instance, confer larger powers upon their respective governors, 
        than could be claimed by a President of the United States. Thirdly. The 
        power of the President, in respect to pardons, would extend to all cases, 
        EXCEPT THOSE OF IMPEACHMENT. The governor of New York may pardon in all 
        cases, even in those of impeachment, except for treason and murder. Is 
        not the power of the governor, in this article, on a calculation of political 
        consequences, greater than that of the President? All conspiracies and 
        plots against the government, which have not been matured into actual 
        treason, may be screened from punishment of every kind, by the interposition 
        of the prerogative of pardoning. If a governor of New York, therefore, 
        should be at the head of any such conspiracy, until the design had been 
        ripened into actual hostility he could insure his accomplices and adherents 
        an entire impunity. A President of the Union, on the other hand, though 
        he may even pardon treason, when prosecuted in the ordinary course of 
        law, could shelter no offender, in any degree, from the effects of impeachment 
        and conviction. Would not the prospect of a total indemnity for all the 
        preliminary steps be a greater temptation to undertake and persevere in 
        an enterprise against the public liberty, than the mere prospect of an 
        exemption from death and confiscation, if the final execution of the design, 
        upon an actual appeal to arms, should miscarry? Would this last expectation 
        have any influence at all, when the probability was computed, that the 
        person who was to afford that exemption might himself be involved in the 
        consequences of the measure, and might be incapacitated by his agency 
        in it from affording the desired impunity? The better to judge of this 
        matter, it will be necessary to recollect, that, by the proposed Constitution, 
        the offense of treason is limited ``to levying war upon the United States, 
        and adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort"; and that 
        by the laws of New York it is confined within similar bounds. Fourthly. 
        The President can only adjourn the national legislature in the single 
        case of disagreement about the time of adjournment. The British monarch 
        may prorogue or even dissolve the Parliament. The governor of New York 
        may also prorogue the legislature of this State for a limited time; a 
        power which, in certain situations, may be employed to very important 
        purposes. The President is to have power, with the advice and consent of the Senate, 
        to make treaties, provided two thirds of the senators present concur. 
        The king of Great Britain is the sole and absolute representative of the 
        nation in all foreign transactions. He can of his own accord make treaties 
        of peace, commerce, alliance, and of every other description. It has been 
        insinuated, that his authority in this respect is not conclusive, and 
        that his conventions with foreign powers are subject to the revision, 
        and stand in need of the ratification, of Parliament. But I believe this 
        doctrine was never heard of, until it was broached upon the present occasion. 
        Every jurist [2] of that kingdom, and every other man acquainted with 
        its Constitution, knows, as an established fact, that the prerogative 
        of making treaties exists in the crown in its utmost plentitude; and that 
        the compacts entered into by the royal authority have the most complete 
        legal validity and perfection, independent of any other sanction. The 
        Parliament, it is true, is sometimes seen employing itself in altering 
        the existing laws to conform them to the stipulations in a new treaty; 
        and this may have possibly given birth to the imagination, that its co-operation 
        was necessary to the obligatory efficacy of the treaty. But this parliamentary 
        interposition proceeds from a different cause: from the necessity of adjusting 
        a most artificial and intricate system of revenue and commercial laws, 
        to the changes made in them by the operation of the treaty; and of adapting 
        new provisions and precautions to the new state of things, to keep the 
        machine from running into disorder. In this respect, therefore, there 
        is no comparison between the intended power of the President and the actual 
        power of the British sovereign. The one can perform alone what the other 
        can do only with the concurrence of a branch of the legislature. It must 
        be admitted, that, in this instance, the power of the federal Executive 
        would exceed that of any State Executive. But this arises naturally from 
        the sovereign power which relates to treaties. If the Confederacy were 
        to be dissolved, it would become a question, whether the Executives of 
        the several States were not solely invested with that delicate and important 
        prerogative. The President is also to be authorized to receive ambassadors and other 
        public ministers. This, though it has been a rich theme of declamation, 
        is more a matter of dignity than of authority. It is a circumstance which 
        will be without consequence in the administration of the government; and 
        it was far more convenient that it should be arranged in this manner, 
        than that there should be a necessity of convening the legislature, or 
        one of its branches, upon every arrival of a foreign minister, though 
        it were merely to take the place of a departed predecessor. The President is to nominate, and, WITH THE ADVICE AND CONSENT OF THE 
        SENATE, to appoint ambassadors and other public ministers, judges of the 
        Supreme Court, and in general all officers of the United States established 
        by law, and whose appointments are not otherwise provided for by the Constitution. 
        The king of Great Britain is emphatically and truly styled the fountain 
        of honor. He not only appoints to all offices, but can create offices. 
        He can confer titles of nobility at pleasure; and has the disposal of 
        an immense number of church preferments. There is evidently a great inferiority 
        in the power of the President, in this particular, to that of the British 
        king; nor is it equal to that of the governor of New York, if we are to 
        interpret the meaning of the constitution of the State by the practice 
        which has obtained under it. The power of appointment is with us lodged 
        in a council, composed of the governor and four members of the Senate, 
        chosen by the Assembly. The governor CLAIMS, and has frequently EXERCISED, 
        the right of nomination, and is ENTITLED to a casting vote in the appointment. 
        If he really has the right of nominating, his authority is in this respect 
        equal to that of the President, and exceeds it in the article of the casting 
        vote. In the national government, if the Senate should be divided, no 
        appointment could be made; in the government of New York, if the council 
        should be divided, the governor can turn the scale, and confirm his own 
        nomination. [3] If we compare the publicity which must necessarily attend 
        the mode of appointment by the President and an entire branch of the national 
        legislature, with the privacy in the mode of appointment by the governor 
        of New York, closeted in a secret apartment with at most four, and frequently 
        with only two persons; and if we at the same time consider how much more 
        easy it must be to influence the small number of which a council of appointment 
        consists, than the considerable number of which the national Senate would 
        consist, we cannot hesitate to pronounce that the power of the chief magistrate 
        of this State, in the disposition of offices, must, in practice, be greatly 
        superior to that of the Chief Magistrate of the Union. Hence it appears that, except as to the concurrent authority of the President 
        in the article of treaties, it would be difficult to determine whether 
        that magistrate would, in the aggregate, possess more or less power than 
        the Governor of New York. And it appears yet more unequivocally, that 
        there is no pretense for the parallel which has been attempted between 
        him and the king of Great Britain. But to render the contrast in this 
        respect still more striking, it may be of use to throw the principal circumstances 
        of dissimilitude into a closer group. The President of the United States would be an officer elected by the 
        people for FOUR years; the king of Great Britain is a perpetual and HEREDITARY 
        prince. The one would be amenable to personal punishment and disgrace; 
        the person of the other is sacred and inviolable. The one would have a 
        QUALIFIED negative upon the acts of the legislative body; the other has 
        an ABSOLUTE negative. The one would have a right to command the military 
        and naval forces of the nation; the other, in addition to this right, 
        possesses that of DECLARING war, and of RAISING and REGULATING fleets 
        and armies by his own authority. The one would have a concurrent power 
        with a branch of the legislature in the formation of treaties; the other 
        is the SOLE POSSESSOR of the power of making treaties. The one would have 
        a like concurrent authority in appointing to offices; the other is the 
        sole author of all appointments. The one can confer no privileges whatever; 
        the other can make denizens of aliens, noblemen of commoners; can erect 
        corporations with all the rights incident to corporate bodies. The one 
        can prescribe no rules concerning the commerce or currency of the nation; 
        the other is in several respects the arbiter of commerce, and in this 
        capacity can establish markets and fairs, can regulate weights and measures, 
        can lay embargoes for a limited time, can coin money, can authorize or 
        prohibit the circulation of foreign coin. The one has no particle of spiritual 
        jurisdiction; the other is the supreme head and governor of the national 
        church! What answer shall we give to those who would persuade us that 
        things so unlike resemble each other? The same that ought to be given 
        to those who tell us that a government, the whole power of which would 
        be in the hands of the elective and periodical servants of the people, 
        is an aristocracy, a monarchy, and a despotism.
