THE administration of government, in its largest sense, comprehends all 
        the operations of the body politic, whether legislative, executive, or 
        judiciary; but in its most usual, and perhaps its most precise signification. 
        it is limited to executive details, and falls peculiarly within the province 
        of the executive department. The actual conduct of foreign negotiations, 
        the preparatory plans of finance, the application and disbursement of 
        the public moneys in conformity to the general appropriations of the legislature, 
        the arrangement of the army and navy, the directions of the operations 
        of war, these, and other matters of a like nature, constitute what seems 
        to be most properly understood by the administration of government. The 
        persons, therefore, to whose immediate management these different matters 
        are committed, ought to be considered as the assistants or deputies of 
        the chief magistrate, and on this account, they ought to derive their 
        offices from his appointment, at least from his nomination, and ought 
        to be subject to his superintendence. This view of the subject will at 
        once suggest to us the intimate connection between the duration of the 
        executive magistrate in office and the stability of the system of administration. 
        To reverse and undo what has been done by a predecessor, is very often 
        considered by a successor as the best proof he can give of his own capacity 
        and desert; and in addition to this propensity, where the alteration has 
        been the result of public choice, the person substituted is warranted 
        in supposing that the dismission of his predecessor has proceeded from 
        a dislike to his measures; and that the less he resembles him, the more 
        he will recommend himself to the favor of his constituents. These considerations, 
        and the influence of personal confidences and attachments, would be likely 
        to induce every new President to promote a change of men to fill the subordinate 
        stations; and these causes together could not fail to occasion a disgraceful 
        and ruinous mutability in the administration of the government. With a positive duration of considerable extent, I connect the circumstance 
        of re-eligibility. The first is necessary to give to the officer himself 
        the inclination and the resolution to act his part well, and to the community 
        time and leisure to observe the tendency of his measures, and thence to 
        form an experimental estimate of their merits. The last is necessary to 
        enable the people, when they see reason to approve of his conduct, to 
        continue him in his station, in order to prolong the utility of his talents 
        and virtues, and to secure to the government the advantage of permanency 
        in a wise system of administration. Nothing appears more plausible at first sight, nor more ill-founded upon 
        close inspection, than a scheme which in relation to the present point 
        has had some respectable advocates, I mean that of continuing the chief 
        magistrate in office for a certain time, and then excluding him from it, 
        either for a limited period or forever after. This exclusion, whether 
        temporary or perpetual, would have nearly the same effects, and these 
        effects would be for the most part rather pernicious than salutary. One ill effect of the exclusion would be a diminution of the inducements 
        to good behavior. There are few men who would not feel much less zeal 
        in the discharge of a duty when they were conscious that the advantages 
        of the station with which it was connected must be relinquished at a determinate 
        period, than when they were permitted to entertain a hope of OBTAINING, 
        by MERITING, a continuance of them. This position will not be disputed 
        so long as it is admitted that the desire of reward is one of the strongest 
        incentives of human conduct; or that the best security for the fidelity 
        of mankind is to make their interests coincide with their duty. Even the 
        love of fame, the ruling passion of the noblest minds, which would prompt 
        a man to plan and undertake extensive and arduous enterprises for the 
        public benefit, requiring considerable time to mature and perfect them, 
        if he could flatter himself with the prospect of being allowed to finish 
        what he had begun, would, on the contrary, deter him from the undertaking, 
        when he foresaw that he must quit the scene before he could accomplish 
        the work, and must commit that, together with his own reputation, to hands 
        which might be unequal or unfriendly to the task. The most to be expected 
        from the generality of men, in such a situation, is the negative merit 
        of not doing harm, instead of the positive merit of doing good. Another ill effect of the exclusion would be the temptation to sordid 
        views, to peculation, and, in some instances, to usurpation. An avaricious 
        man, who might happen to fill the office, looking forward to a time when 
        he must at all events yield up the emoluments he enjoyed, would feel a 
        propensity, not easy to be resisted by such a man, to make the best use 
        of the opportunity he enjoyed while it lasted, and might not scruple to 
        have recourse to the most corrupt expedients to make the harvest as abundant 
        as it was transitory; though the same man, probably, with a different 
        prospect before him, might content himself with the regular perquisites 
        of his situation, and might even be unwilling to risk the consequences 
        of an abuse of his opportunities. His avarice might be a guard upon his 
        avarice. Add to this that the same man might be vain or ambitious, as 
        well as avaricious. And if he could expect to prolong his honors by his 
        good conduct, he might hesitate to sacrifice his appetite for them to 
        his appetite for gain. But with the prospect before him of approaching 
        an inevitable annihilation, his avarice would be likely to get the victory 
        over his caution, his vanity, or his ambition. An ambitious man, too, when he found himself seated on the summit of 
        his country's honors, when he looked forward to the time at which he must 
        descend from the exalted eminence for ever, and reflected that no exertion 
        of merit on his part could save him from the unwelcome reverse; such a 
        man, in such a situation, would be much more violently tempted to embrace 
        a favorable conjuncture for attempting the prolongation of his power, 
        at every personal hazard, than if he had the probability of answering 
        the same end by doing his duty. Would it promote the peace of the community, or the stability of the 
        government to have half a dozen men who had had credit enough to be raised 
        to the seat of the supreme magistracy, wandering among the people like 
        discontented ghosts, and sighing for a place which they were destined 
        never more to possess? A third ill effect of the exclusion would be, the depriving the community 
        of the advantage of the experience gained by the chief magistrate in the 
        exercise of his office. That experience is the parent of wisdom, is an 
        adage the truth of which is recognized by the wisest as well as the simplest 
        of mankind. What more desirable or more essential than this quality in 
        the governors of nations? Where more desirable or more essential than 
        in the first magistrate of a nation? Can it be wise to put this desirable 
        and essential quality under the ban of the Constitution, and to declare 
        that the moment it is acquired, its possessor shall be compelled to abandon 
        the station in which it was acquired, and to which it is adapted? This, 
        nevertheless, is the precise import of all those regulations which exclude 
        men from serving their country, by the choice of their fellow citizens, 
        after they have by a course of service fitted themselves for doing it 
        with a greater degree of utility. A fourth ill effect of the exclusion would be the banishing men from 
        stations in which, in certain emergencies of the state, their presence 
        might be of the greatest moment to the public interest or safety. There 
        is no nation which has not, at one period or another, experienced an absolute 
        necessity of the services of particular men in particular situations; 
        perhaps it would not be too strong to say, to the preservation of its 
        political existence. How unwise, therefore, must be every such self-denying 
        ordinance as serves to prohibit a nation from making use of its own citizens 
        in the manner best suited to its exigencies and circumstances! Without 
        supposing the personal essentiality of the man, it is evident that a change 
        of the chief magistrate, at the breaking out of a war, or at any similar 
        crisis, for another, even of equal merit, would at all times be detrimental 
        to the community, inasmuch as it would substitute inexperience to experience, 
        and would tend to unhinge and set afloat the already settled train of 
        the administration. A fifth ill effect of the exclusion would be, that it would operate as 
        a constitutional interdiction of stability in the administration. By NECESSITATING 
        a change of men, in the first office of the nation, it would necessitate 
        a mutability of measures. It is not generally to be expected, that men 
        will vary and measures remain uniform. The contrary is the usual course 
        of things. And we need not be apprehensive that there will be too much 
        stability, while there is even the option of changing; nor need we desire 
        to prohibit the people from continuing their confidence where they think 
        it may be safely placed, and where, by constancy on their part, they may 
        obviate the fatal inconveniences of fluctuating councils and a variable 
        policy. These are some of the disadvantages which would flow from the principle 
        of exclusion. They apply most forcibly to the scheme of a perpetual exclusion; 
        but when we consider that even a partial exclusion would always render 
        the readmission of the person a remote and precarious object, the observations 
        which have been made will apply nearly as fully to one case as to the 
        other. What are the advantages promised to counterbalance these disadvantages? 
        They are represented to be: 1st, greater independence in the magistrate; 
        2d, greater security to the people. Unless the exclusion be perpetual, 
        there will be no pretense to infer the first advantage. But even in that 
        case, may he have no object beyond his present station, to which he may 
        sacrifice his independence? May he have no connections, no friends, for 
        whom he may sacrifice it? May he not be less willing by a firm conduct, 
        to make personal enemies, when he acts under the impression that a time 
        is fast approaching, on the arrival of which he not only MAY, but MUST, 
        be exposed to their resentments, upon an equal, perhaps upon an inferior, 
        footing? It is not an easy point to determine whether his independence 
        would be most promoted or impaired by such an arrangement. As to the second supposed advantage, there is still greater reason to 
        entertain doubts concerning it. If the exclusion were to be perpetual, 
        a man of irregular ambition, of whom alone there could be reason in any 
        case to entertain apprehension, would, with infinite reluctance, yield 
        to the necessity of taking his leave forever of a post in which his passion 
        for power and pre-eminence had acquired the force of habit. And if he 
        had been fortunate or adroit enough to conciliate the good-will of the 
        people, he might induce them to consider as a very odious and unjustifiable 
        restraint upon themselves, a provision which was calculated to debar them 
        of the right of giving a fresh proof of their attachment to a favorite. 
        There may be conceived circumstances in which this disgust of the people, 
        seconding the thwarted ambition of such a favorite, might occasion greater 
        danger to liberty, than could ever reasonably be dreaded from the possibility 
        of a perpetuation in office, by the voluntary suffrages of the community, 
        exercising a constitutional privilege. There is an excess of refinement in the idea of disabling the people 
        to continue in office men who had entitled themselves, in their opinion, 
        to approbation and confidence; the advantages of which are at best speculative 
        and equivocal, and are overbalanced by disadvantages far more certain 
        and decisive.
