IN THE course of the foregoing review of the Constitution, I have taken 
        notice of, and endeavored to answer most of the objections which have 
        appeared against it. There, however, remain a few which either did not 
        fall naturally under any particular head or were forgotten in their proper 
        places. These shall now be discussed; but as the subject has been drawn 
        into great length, I shall so far consult brevity as to comprise all my 
        observations on these miscellaneous points in a single paper. The most considerable of the remaining objections is that the plan of 
        the convention contains no bill of rights. Among other answers given to 
        this, it has been upon different occasions remarked that the constitutions 
        of several of the States are in a similar predicament. I add that New 
        York is of the number. And yet the opposers of the new system, in this 
        State, who profess an unlimited admiration for its constitution, are among 
        the most intemperate partisans of a bill of rights. To justify their zeal 
        in this matter, they allege two things: one is that, though the constitution 
        of New York has no bill of rights prefixed to it, yet it contains, in 
        the body of it, various provisions in favor of particular privileges and 
        rights, which, in substance amount to the same thing; the other is, that 
        the Constitution adopts, in their full extent, the common and statute 
        law of Great Britain, by which many other rights, not expressed in it, 
        are equally secured. To the first I answer, that the Constitution proposed by the convention 
        contains, as well as the constitution of this State, a number of such 
        provisions. Independent of those which relate to the structure of the government, 
        we find the following: Article 1, section 3, clause 7 "Judgment in cases 
        of impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from office, and 
        disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor, trust, or profit 
        under the United States; but the party convicted shall, nevertheless, 
        be liable and subject to indictment, trial, judgment, and punishment according 
        to law." Section 9, of the same article, clause 2 "The privilege of the 
        writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in cases of 
        rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it." Clause 3 "No 
        bill of attainder or ex-post-facto law shall be passed." Clause 7 "No 
        title of nobility shall be granted by the United States; and no person 
        holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent 
        of the Congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title of 
        any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state." Article 3, 
        section 2, clause 3 "The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeachment, 
        shall be by jury; and such trial shall be held in the State where the 
        said crimes shall have been committed; but when not committed within any 
        State, the trial shall be at such place or places as the Congress may 
        by law have directed." Section 3, of the same article "Treason against 
        the United States shall consist only in levying war against them, or in 
        adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. No person shall 
        be convicted of treason, unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the 
        same overt act, or on confession in open court." And clause 3, of the 
        same section "The Congress shall have power to declare the punishment 
        of treason; but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood, 
        or forfeiture, except during the life of the person attainted." It may 
        well be a question, whether these are not, upon the whole, of equal importance 
        with any which are to be found in the constitution of this State. The 
        establishment of the writ of habeas corpus, the prohibition of ex-post-facto 
        laws, and of TITLES OF NOBILITY, TO WHICH WE HAVE NO CORRESPONDING PROVISION 
        IN OUR CONSTITUTION, are perhaps greater securities to liberty and republicanism 
        than any it contains. The creation of crimes after the commission of the 
        fact, or, in other words, the subjecting of men to punishment for things 
        which, when they were done, were breaches of no law, and the practice 
        of arbitrary imprisonments, have been, in all ages, the favorite and most 
        formidable instruments of tyranny. The observations of the judicious Blackstone, 
        [1] in reference to the latter, are 
        well worthy of recital: "To bereave a man of life, Usays he,e or by violence 
        to confiscate his estate, without accusation or trial, would be so gross 
        and notorious an act of despotism, as must at once convey the alarm of 
        tyranny throughout the whole nation; but confinement of the person, by 
        secretly hurrying him to jail, where his sufferings are unknown or forgotten, 
        is a less public, a less striking, and therefore A MORE DANGEROUS ENGINE 
        of arbitrary government." And as a remedy for this fatal evil he is everywhere 
        peculiarly emphatical in his encomiums on the habeas-corpus act, which 
        in one place he calls "the BULWARK of the British Constitution."[2] Nothing need be said to illustrate the importance of the prohibition 
        of titles of nobility. This may truly be denominated the corner-stone 
        of republican government; for so long as they are excluded, there can 
        never be serious danger that the government will be any other than that 
        of the people. To the second that is, to the pretended establishment of the common and 
        state law by the Constitution, I answer, that they are expressly made 
        subject "to such alterations and provisions as the legislature shall 
        from time to time make concerning the same." They are therefore at any 
        moment liable to repeal by the ordinary legislative power, and of course 
        have no constitutional sanction. The only use of the declaration was to 
        recognize the ancient law and to remove doubts which might have been occasioned 
        by the Revolution. This consequently can be considered as no part of a 
        declaration of rights, which under our constitutions must be intended 
        as limitations of the power of the government itself. It has been several times truly remarked that bills of rights are, in 
        their origin, stipulations between kings and their subjects, abridgements 
        of prerogative in favor of privilege, reservations of rights not surrendered 
        to the prince. Such was MAGNA CHARTA, obtained by the barons, sword in 
        hand, from King John. Such were the subsequent confirmations of that charter 
        by succeeding princes. Such was the PETITION OF RIGHT assented to by Charles 
        I., in the beginning of his reign. Such, also, was the Declaration of 
        Right presented by the Lords and Commons to the Prince of Orange in 1688, 
        and afterwards thrown into the form of an act of parliament called the 
        Bill of Rights. It is evident, therefore, that, according to their primitive 
        signification, they have no application to constitutions professedly founded 
        upon the power of the people, and executed by their immediate representatives 
        and servants. Here, in strictness, the people surrender nothing; and as 
        they retain every thing they have no need of particular reservations. 
        "WE, THE PEOPLE of the United States, to secure the blessings of liberty 
        to ourselves and our posterity, do ORDAIN and ESTABLISH this Constitution 
        for the United States of America." Here is a better recognition of popular 
        rights, than volumes of those aphorisms which make the principal figure 
        in several of our State bills of rights, and which would sound much better 
        in a treatise of ethics than in a constitution of government. But a minute detail of particular rights is certainly far less applicable 
        to a Constitution like that under consideration, which is merely intended 
        to regulate the general political interests of the nation, than to a constitution 
        which has the regulation of every species of personal and private concerns. 
        If, therefore, the loud clamors against the plan of the convention, on 
        this score, are well founded, no epithets of reprobation will be too strong 
        for the constitution of this State. But the truth is, that both of them 
        contain all which, in relation to their objects, is reasonably to be desired. I go further, and affirm that bills of rights, in the sense and to the 
        extent in which they are contended for, are not only unnecessary in the 
        proposed Constitution, but would even be dangerous. They would contain 
        various exceptions to powers not granted; and, on this very account, would 
        afford a colorable pretext to claim more than were granted. For why declare 
        that things shall not be done which there is no power to do? Why, for 
        instance, should it be said that the liberty of the press shall not be 
        restrained, when no power is given by which restrictions may be imposed? 
        I will not contend that such a provision would confer a regulating power; 
        but it is evident that it would furnish, to men disposed to usurp, a plausible 
        pretense for claiming that power. They might urge with a semblance of 
        reason, that the Constitution ought not to be charged with the absurdity 
        of providing against the abuse of an authority which was not given, and 
        that the provision against restraining the liberty of the press afforded 
        a clear implication, that a power to prescribe proper regulations concerning 
        it was intended to be vested in the national government. This may serve 
        as a specimen of the numerous handles which would be given to the doctrine 
        of constructive powers, by the indulgence of an injudicious zeal for bills 
        of rights. On the subject of the liberty of the press, as much as has been said, 
        I cannot forbear adding a remark or two: in the first place, I observe, 
        that there is not a syllable concerning it in the constitution of this 
        State; in the next, I contend, that whatever has been said about it in 
        that of any other State, amounts to nothing. What signifies a declaration, 
        that "the liberty of the press shall be inviolably preserved"? What 
        is the liberty of the press? Who can give it any definition which would 
        not leave the utmost latitude for evasion? I hold it to be impracticable; 
        and from this I infer, that its security, whatever fine declarations may 
        be inserted in any constitution respecting it, must altogether depend 
        on public opinion, and on the general spirit of the people and of the 
        government. [3] And here, after all, as is intimated upon another occasion, 
        must we seek for the only solid basis of all our rights. There remains but one other view of this matter to conclude the point. 
        The truth is, after all the declamations we have heard, that the Constitution 
        is itself, in every rational sense, and to every useful purpose, A BILL 
        OF RIGHTS. The several bills of rights in Great Britain form its Constitution, 
        and conversely the constitution of each State is its bill of rights. And 
        the proposed Constitution, if adopted, will be the bill of rights of the 
        Union. Is it one object of a bill of rights to declare and specify the 
        political privileges of the citizens in the structure and administration 
        of the government? This is done in the most ample and precise manner in 
        the plan of the convention; comprehending various precautions for the 
        public security, which are not to be found in any of the State constitutions. 
        Is another object of a bill of rights to define certain immunities and 
        modes of proceeding, which are relative to personal and private concerns? 
        This we have seen has also been attended to, in a variety of cases, in 
        the same plan. Adverting therefore to the substantial meaning of a bill 
        of rights, it is absurd to allege that it is not to be found in the work 
        of the convention. It may be said that it does not go far enough, though 
        it will not be easy to make this appear; but it can with no propriety 
        be contended that there is no such thing. It certainly must be immaterial 
        what mode is observed as to the order of declaring the rights of the citizens, 
        if they are to be found in any part of the instrument which establishes 
        the government. And hence it must be apparent, that much of what has been 
        said on this subject rests merely on verbal and nominal distinctions, 
        entirely foreign from the substance of the thing. Another objection which has been made, and which, from the frequency 
        of its repetition, it is to be presumed is relied on, is of this nature: 
        "It is improper Usay the objectorse to confer such large powers, as are 
        proposed, upon the national government, because the seat of that government 
        must of necessity be too remote from many of the States to admit of a 
        proper knowledge on the part of the constituent, of the conduct of the 
        representative body." This argument, if it proves any thing, proves that 
        there ought to be no general government whatever. For the powers which, 
        it seems to be agreed on all hands, ought to be vested in the Union, cannot 
        be safely intrusted to a body which is not under every requisite control. 
        But there are satisfactory reasons to show that the objection is in reality 
        not well founded. There is in most of the arguments which relate to distance 
        a palpable illusion of the imagination. What are the sources of information 
        by which the people in Montgomery County must regulate their judgment 
        of the conduct of their representatives in the State legislature? Of personal 
        observation they can have no benefit. This is confined to the citizens 
        on the spot. They must therefore depend on the information of intelligent 
        men, in whom they confide; and how must these men obtain their information? 
        Evidently from the complexion of public measures, from the public prints, 
        from correspondences with theirrepresentatives, and with other persons 
        who reside at the place of their deliberations. This does not apply to 
        Montgomery County only, but to all the counties at any considerable distance 
        from the seat of government. It is equally evident that the same sources of information would be open 
        to the people in relation to the conduct of their representatives in the 
        general government, and the impediments to a prompt communication which 
        distance may be supposed to create, will be overbalanced by the effects 
        of the vigilance of the State governments. The executive and legislative 
        bodies of each State will be so many sentinels over the persons employed 
        in every department of the national administration; and as it will be 
        in their power to adopt and pursue a regular and effectual system of intelligence, 
        they can never be at a loss to know the behavior of those who represent 
        their constituents in the national councils, and can readily communicate 
        the same knowledge to the people. Their disposition to apprise the community 
        of whatever may prejudice its interests from another quarter, may be relied 
        upon, if it were only from the rivalship of power. And we may conclude 
        with the fullest assurance that the people, through that channel, will 
        be better informed of the conduct of their national representatives, than 
        they can be by any means they now possess of that of their State representatives. It ought also to be remembered that the citizens who inhabit the country 
        at and near the seat of government will, in all questions that affect 
        the general liberty and prosperity, have the same interest with those 
        who are at a distance, and that they will stand ready to sound the alarm 
        when necessary, and to point out the actors in any pernicious project. 
        The public papers will be expeditious messengers of intelligence to the 
        most remote inhabitants of the Union. Among the many curious objections which have appeared against the proposed 
        Constitution, the most extraordinary and the least colorable is derived 
        from the want of some provision respecting the debts due TO the United 
        States. This has been represented as a tacit relinquishment of those debts, 
        and as a wicked contrivance to screen public defaulters. The newspapers 
        have teemed with the most inflammatory railings on this head; yet there 
        is nothing clearer than that the suggestion is entirely void of foundation, 
        the offspring of extreme ignorance or extreme dishonesty. In addition 
        to the remarks I have made upon the subject in another place, I shall 
        only observe that as it is a plain dictate of common-sense, so it is also 
        an established doctrine of political law, that "STATES NEITHER LOSE ANY 
        OF THEIR RIGHTS, NOR ARE DISCHARGED FROM ANY OF THEIR OBLIGATIONS, BY 
        A CHANGE IN THE FORM OF THEIR CIVIL GOVERNMENT." The last objection of 
        any consequence, which I at present recollect, turns upon the article 
        of expense. If it were even true, that the adoption of the proposed government 
        would occasion a considerable increase of expense, it would be an objection 
        that ought to have no weight against the plan. The great bulk of the citizens of America are with reason convinced, 
        that Union is the basis of their political happiness. Men of sense of 
        all parties now, with few exceptions, agree that it cannot be preserved 
        under the present system, nor without radical alterations; that new and 
        extensive powers ought to be granted to the national head, and that these 
        require a different organization of the federal government a single body 
        being an unsafe depositary of such ample authorities. In conceding all 
        this, the question of expense must be given up; for it is impossible, 
        with any degree of safety, to narrow the foundation upon which the system 
        is to stand. The two branches of the legislature are, in the first instance, 
        to consist of only sixty-five persons, which is the same number of which 
        Congress, under the existing Confederation, may be composed. It is true 
        that this number is intended to be increased; but this is to keep pace 
        with the progress of the population and resources of the country. It is 
        evident that a less number would, even in the first instance, have been 
        unsafe, and that a continuance of the present number would, in a more 
        advanced stage of population, be a very inadequate representation of the 
        people. Whence is the dreaded augmentation of expense to spring? One source indicated, 
        is the multiplication of offices under the new government. Let us examine 
        this a little. It is evident that the principal departments of the administration under 
        the present government, are the same which will be required under the 
        new. There are now a Secretary of War, a Secretary of Foreign Affairs, 
        a Secretary for Domestic Affairs, a Board of Treasury, consisting of three 
        persons, a Treasurer, assistants, clerks, etc. These officers are indispensable 
        under any system, and will suffice under the new as well as the old. As 
        to ambassadors and other ministers and agents in foreign countries, the 
        proposed Constitution can make no other difference than to render their 
        characters, where they reside, more respectable, and their services more 
        useful. As to persons to be employed in the collection of the revenues, 
        it is unquestionably true that these will form a very considerable addition 
        to the number of federal officers; but it will not follow that this will 
        occasion an increase of public expense. It will be in most cases nothing 
        more than an exchange of State for national officers. In the collection 
        of all duties, for instance, the persons employed will be wholly of the 
        latter description. The States individually will stand in no need of any 
        for this purpose. What difference can it make in point of expense to pay 
        officers of the customs appointed by the State or by the United States? 
        There is no good reason to suppose that either the number or the salaries 
        of the latter will be greater than those of the former. Where then are we to seek for those additional articles of expense which 
        are to swell the account to the enormous size that has been represented 
        to us? The chief item which occurs to me respects the support of the judges 
        of the United States. I do not add the President, because there is now 
        a president of Congress, whose expenses may not be far, if any thing, 
        short of those which will be incurred on account of the President of the 
        United States. The support of the judges will clearly be an extra expense, 
        but to what extent will depend on the particular plan which may be adopted 
        in regard to this matter. But upon no reasonable plan can it amount to 
        a sum which will be an object of material consequence. Let us now see what there is to counterbalance any extra expense that 
        may attend the establishment of the proposed government. The first thing 
        which presents itself is that a great part of the business which now keeps 
        Congress sitting through the year will be transacted by the President. 
        Even the management of foreign negotiations will naturally devolve upon 
        him, according to general principles concerted with the Senate, and subject 
        to their final concurrence. Hence it is evident that a portion of the 
        year will suffice for the session of both the Senate and the House of 
        Representatives; we may suppose about a fourth for the latter and a third, 
        or perhaps half, for the former. The extra business of treaties and appointments 
        may give this extra occupation to the Senate. From this circumstance we 
        may infer that, until the House of Representatives shall be increased 
        greatly beyond its present number, there will be a considerable saving 
        of expense from the difference between the constant session of the present 
        and the temporary session of the future Congress. But there is another circumstance of great importance in the view of 
        economy. The business of the United States has hitherto occupied the State 
        legislatures, as well as Congress. The latter has made requisitions which 
        the former have had to provide for. Hence it has happened that the sessions 
        of the State legislatures have been protracted greatly beyond what was 
        necessary for the execution of the mere local business of the States. 
        More than half their time has been frequently employed in matters which 
        related to the United States. Now the members who compose the legislatures 
        of the several States amount to two thousand and upwards, which number 
        has hitherto performed what under the new system will be done in the first 
        instance by sixty-five persons, and probably at no future period by above 
        a fourth or fifth of that number. The Congress under the proposed government 
        will do all the business of the United States themselves, without the 
        intervention of the State legislatures, who thenceforth will have only 
        to attend to the affairs of their particular States, and will not have 
        to sit in any proportion as long as they have heretofore done. This difference 
        in the time of the sessions of the State legislatures will be clear gain, 
        and will alone form an article of saving, which may be regarded as an 
        equivalent for any additional objects of expense that may be occasioned 
        by the adoption of the new system. The result from these observations is that the sources of additional 
        expense from the establishment of the proposed Constitution are much fewer 
        than may have been imagined; that they are counterbalanced by considerable 
        objects of saving; and that while it is questionable on which side the 
        scale will preponderate, it is certain that a government less expensive 
        would be incompetent to the purposes of the Union. 
