IT WAS a thing hardly to be expected that in a popular revolution the 
        minds of men should stop at that happy mean which marks the salutary boundary 
        between POWER and PRIVILEGE, and combines the energy of government with 
        the security of private rights. A failure in this delicate and important 
        point is the great source of the inconveniences we experience, and if 
        we are not cautious to avoid a repetition of the error, in our future 
        attempts to rectify and ameliorate our system, we may travel from one 
        chimerical project to another; we may try change after change; but we 
        shall never be likely to make any material change for the better. The idea of restraining the legislative authority, in the means of providing 
        for the national defense, is one of those refinements which owe their 
        origin to a zeal for liberty more ardent than enlightened. We have seen, 
        however, that it has not had thus far an extensive prevalency; that even 
        in this country, where it made its first appearance, Pennsylvania and 
        North Carolina are the only two States by which it has been in any degree 
        patronized; and that all the others have refused to give it the least 
        countenance; wisely judging that confidence must be placed somewhere; 
        that the necessity of doing it, is implied in the very act of delegating 
        power; and that it is better to hazard the abuse of that confidence than 
        to embarrass the government and endanger the public safety by impolitic 
        restrictions on the legislative authority. The opponents of the proposed 
        Constitution combat, in this respect, the general decision of America; 
        and instead of being taught by experience the propriety of correcting 
        any extremes into which we may have heretofore run, they appear disposed 
        to conduct us into others still more dangerous, and more extravagant. 
        As if the tone of government had been found too high, or too rigid, the 
        doctrines they teach are calculated to induce us to depress or to relax 
        it, by expedients which, upon other occasions, have been condemned or 
        forborne. It may be affirmed without the imputation of invective, that 
        if the principles they inculcate, on various points, could so far obtain 
        as to become the popular creed, they would utterly unfit the people of 
        this country for any species of government whatever. But a danger of this 
        kind is not to be apprehended. The citizens of America have too much discernment 
        to be argued into anarchy. And I am much mistaken, if experience has not 
        wrought a deep and solemn conviction in the public mind, that greater 
        energy of government is essential to the welfare and prosperity of the 
        community. It may not be amiss in this place concisely to remark the origin and 
        progress of the idea, which aims at the exclusion of military establishments 
        in time of peace. Though in speculative minds it may arise from a contemplation 
        of the nature and tendency of such institutions, fortified by the events 
        that have happened in other ages and countries, yet as a national sentiment, 
        it must be traced to those habits of thinking which we derive from the 
        nation from whom the inhabitants of these States have in general sprung. In England, for a long time after the Norman Conquest, the authority 
        of the monarch was almost unlimited. Inroads were gradually made upon 
        the prerogative, in favor of liberty, first by the barons, and afterwards 
        by the people, till the greatest part of its most formidable pretensions 
        became extinct. But it was not till the revolution in 1688, which elevated 
        the Prince of Orange to the throne of Great Britain, that English liberty 
        was completely triumphant. As incident to the undefined power of making 
        war, an acknowledged prerogative of the crown, Charles II. had, by his 
        own authority, kept on foot in time of peace a body of 5,000 regular troops. 
        And this number James II. increased to 30,000; who were paid out of his 
        civil list. At the revolution, to abolish the exercise of so dangerous 
        an authority, it became an article of the Bill of Rights then framed, 
        that "the raising or keeping a standing army within the kingdom in time 
        of peace, UNLESS WITH THE CONSENT OF PARLIAMENT, was against law." In that kingdom, when the pulse of liberty was at its highest pitch, 
        no security against the danger of standing armies was thought requisite, 
        beyond a prohibition of their being raised or kept up by the mere authority 
        of the executive magistrate. The patriots, who effected that memorable 
        revolution, were too temperate, too wellinformed, to think of any restraint 
        on the legislative discretion. They were aware that a certain number of 
        troops for guards and garrisons were indispensable; that no precise bounds 
        could be set to the national exigencies; that a power equal to every possible 
        contingency must exist somewhere in the government: and that when they 
        referred the exercise of that power to the judgment of the legislature, 
        they had arrived at the ultimate point of precaution which was reconcilable 
        with the safety of the community. From the same source, the people of America may be said to have derived 
        an hereditary impression of danger to liberty, from standing armies in 
        time of peace. The circumstances of a revolution quickened the public 
        sensibility on every point connected with the security of popular rights, 
        and in some instances raise the warmth of our zeal beyond the degree which 
        consisted with the due temperature of the body politic. The attempts of 
        two of the States to restrict the authority of the legislature in the 
        article of military establishments, are of the number of these instances. 
        The principles which had taught us to be jealous of the power of an hereditary 
        monarch were by an injudicious excess extended to the representatives 
        of the people in their popular assemblies. Even in some of the States, 
        where this error was not adopted, we find unnecessary declarations that 
        standing armies ought not to be kept up, in time of peace, WITHOUT THE 
        CONSENT OF THE LEGISLATURE. I call them unnecessary, because the reason 
        which had introduced a similar provision into the English Bill of Rights 
        is not applicable to any of the State constitutions. The power of raising 
        armies at all, under those constitutions, can by no construction be deemed 
        to reside anywhere else, than in the legislatures themselves; and it was 
        superfluous, if not absurd, to declare that a matter should not be done 
        without the consent of a body, which alone had the power of doing it. 
        Accordingly, in some of these constitutions, and among others, in that 
        of this State of New York, which has been justly celebrated, both in Europe 
        and America, as one of the best of the forms of government established 
        in this country, there is a total silence upon the subject. It is remarkable, that even in the two States which seem to have meditated 
        an interdiction of military establishments in time of peace, the mode 
        of expression made use of is rather cautionary than prohibitory. It is 
        not said, that standing armies SHALL NOT BE kept up, but that they OUGHT 
        NOT to be kept up, in time of peace. This ambiguity of terms appears to 
        have been the result of a conflict between jealousy and conviction; between 
        the desire of excluding such establishments at all events, and the persuasion 
        that an absolute exclusion would be unwise and unsafe. Can it be doubted that such a provision, whenever the situation of public 
        affairs was understood to require a departure from it, would be interpreted 
        by the legislature into a mere admonition, and would be made to yield 
        to the necessities or supposed necessities of the State? Let the fact 
        already mentioned, with respect to Pennsylvania, decide. What then (it 
        may be asked) is the use of such a provision, if it cease to operate the 
        moment there is an inclination to disregard it? Let us examine whether there be any comparison, in point of efficacy, 
        between the provision alluded to and that which is contained in the new 
        Constitution, for restraining the appropriations of money for military 
        purposes to the period of two years. The former, by aiming at too much, 
        is calculated to effect nothing; the latter, by steering clear of an imprudent 
        extreme, and by being perfectly compatible with a proper provision for 
        the exigencies of the nation, will have a salutary and powerful operation. The legislature of the United States will be OBLIGED, by this provision, 
        once at least in every two years, to deliberate upon the propriety of 
        keeping a military force on foot; to come to a new resolution on the point; 
        and to declare their sense of the matter, by a formal vote in the face 
        of their constituents. They are not AT LIBERTY to vest in the executive 
        department permanent funds for the support of an army, if they were even 
        incautious enough to be willing to repose in it so improper a confidence. 
        As the spirit of party, in different degrees, must be expected to infect 
        all political bodies, there will be, no doubt, persons in the national 
        legislature willing enough to arraign the measures and criminate the views 
        of the majority. The provision for the support of a military force will 
        always be a favorable topic for declamation. As often as the question 
        comes forward, the public attention will be roused and attracted to the 
        subject, by the party in opposition; and if the majority should be really 
        disposed to exceed the proper limits, the community will be warned of 
        the danger, and will have an opportunity of taking measures to guard against 
        it. Independent of parties in the national legislature itself, as often 
        as the period of discussion arrived, the State legislatures, who will 
        always be not only vigilant but suspicious and jealous guardians of the 
        rights of the citizens against encroachments from the federal government, 
        will constantly have their attention awake to the conduct of the national 
        rulers, and will be ready enough, if any thing improper appears, to sound 
        the alarm to the people, and not only to be the VOICE, but, if necessary, 
        the ARM of their discontent. Schemes to subvert the liberties of a great community REQUIRE TIME to 
        mature them for execution. An army, so large as seriously to menace those 
        liberties, could only be formed by progressive augmentations; which would 
        suppose, not merely a temporary combination between the legislature and 
        executive, but a continued conspiracy for a series of time. Is it probable 
        that such a combination would exist at all? Is it probable that it would 
        be persevered in, and transmitted along through all the successive variations 
        in a representative body, which biennial elections would naturally produce 
        in both houses? Is it presumable, that every man, the instant he took 
        his seat in the national Senate or House of Representatives, would commence 
        a traitor to his constituents and to his country? Can it be supposed that 
        there would not be found one man, discerning enough to detect so atrocious 
        a conspiracy, or bold or honest enough to apprise his constituents of 
        their danger? If such presumptions can fairly be made, there ought at 
        once to be an end of all delegated authority. The people should resolve 
        to recall all the powers they have heretofore parted with out of their 
        own hands, and to divide themselves into as many States as there are counties, 
        in order that they may be able to manage their own concerns in person. If such suppositions could even be reasonably made, still the concealment 
        of the design, for any duration, would be impracticable. It would be announced, 
        by the very circumstance of augmenting the army to so great an extent 
        in time of profound peace. What colorable reason could be assigned, in 
        a country so situated, for such vast augmentations of the military force? 
        It is impossible that the people could be long deceived; and the destruction 
        of the project, and of the projectors, would quickly follow the discovery. It has been said that the provision which limits the appropriation of 
        money for the support of an army to the period of two years would be unavailing, 
        because the Executive, when once possessed of a force large enough to 
        awe the people into submission, would find resources in that very force 
        sufficient to enable him to dispense with supplies from the acts of the 
        legislature. But the question again recurs, upon what pretense could he 
        be put in possession of a force of that magnitude in time of peace? If 
        we suppose it to have been created in consequence of some domestic insurrection 
        or foreign war, then it becomes a case not within the principles of the 
        objection; for this is levelled against the power of keeping up troops 
        in time of peace. Few persons will be so visionary as seriously to contend 
        that military forces ought not to be raised to quell a rebellion or resist 
        an invasion; and if the defense of the community under such circumstances 
        should make it necessary to have an army so numerous as to hazard its 
        liberty, this is one of those calamaties for which there is neither preventative 
        nor cure. It cannot be provided against by any possible form of government; 
        it might even result from a simple league offensive and defensive, if 
        it should ever be necessary for the confederates or allies to form an 
        army for common defense. But it is an evil infinitely less likely to attend us in a united than 
        in a disunited state; nay, it may be safely asserted that it is an evil 
        altogether unlikely to attend us in the latter situation. It is not easy 
        to conceive a possibility that dangers so formidable can assail the whole 
        Union, as to demand a force considerable enough to place our liberties 
        in the least jeopardy, especially if we take into our view the aid to 
        be derived from the militia, which ought always to be counted upon as 
        a valuable and powerful auxiliary. But in a state of disunion (as has 
        been fully shown in another place), the contrary of this supposition would 
        become not only probable, but almost unavoidable. 
