THAT there may happen cases in which the national government may be necessitated 
        to resort to force, cannot be denied. Our own experience has corroborated 
        the lessons taught by the examples of other nations; that emergencies 
        of this sort will sometimes arise in all societies, however constituted; 
        that seditions and insurrections are, unhappily, maladies as inseparable 
        from the body politic as tumors and eruptions from the natural body; that 
        the idea of governing at all times by the simple force of law (which we 
        have been told is the only admissible principle of republican government), 
        has no place but in the reveries of those political doctors whose sagacity 
        disdains the admonitions of experimental instruction. Should such emergencies at any time happen under the national government, 
        there could be no remedy but force. The means to be employed must be proportioned 
        to the extent of the mischief. If it should be a slight commotion in a 
        small part of a State, the militia of the residue would be adequate to 
        its suppression; and the national presumption is that they would be ready 
        to do their duty. An insurrection, whatever may be its immediate cause, 
        eventually endangers all government. Regard to the public peace, if not 
        to the rights of the Union, would engage the citizens to whom the contagion 
        had not communicated itself to oppose the insurgents; and if the general 
        government should be found in practice conducive to the prosperity and 
        felicity of the people, it were irrational to believe that they would 
        be disinclined to its support. If, on the contrary, the insurrection should pervade a whole State, or 
        a principal part of it, the employment of a different kind of force might 
        become unavoidable. It appears that Massachusetts found it necessary to 
        raise troops for repressing the disorders within that State; that Pennsylvania, 
        from the mere apprehension of commotions among a part of her citizens, 
        has thought proper to have recourse to the same measure. Suppose the State 
        of New York had been inclined to re-establish her lost jurisdiction over 
        the inhabitants of Vermont, could she have hoped for success in such an 
        enterprise from the efforts of the militia alone? Would she not have been 
        compelled to raise and to maintain a more regular force for the execution 
        of her design? If it must then be admitted that the necessity of recurring 
        to a force different from the militia, in cases of this extraordinary 
        nature, is applicable to the State governments themselves, why should 
        the possibility, that the national government might be under a like necessity, 
        in similar extremities, be made an objection to its existence? Is it not 
        surprising that men who declare an attachment to the Union in the abstract, 
        should urge as an objection to the proposed Constitution what applies 
        with tenfold weight to the plan for which they contend; and what, as far 
        as it has any foundation in truth, is an inevitable consequence of civil 
        society upon an enlarged scale? Who would not prefer that possibility 
        to the unceasing agitations and frequent revolutions which are the continual 
        scourges of petty republics? Let us pursue this examination in another light. Suppose, in lieu of 
        one general system, two, or three, or even four Confederacies were to 
        be formed, would not the same difficulty oppose itself to the operations 
        of either of these Confederacies? Would not each of them be exposed to 
        the same casualties; and when these happened, be obliged to have recourse 
        to the same expedients for upholding its authority which are objected 
        to in a government for all the States? Would the militia, in this supposition, 
        be more ready or more able to support the federal authority than in the 
        case of a general union? All candid and intelligent men must, upon due 
        consideration, acknowledge that the principle of the objection is equally 
        applicable to either of the two cases; and that whether we have one government 
        for all the States, or different governments for different parcels of 
        them, or even if there should be an entire separation of the States, there 
        might sometimes be a necessity to make use of a force constituted differently 
        from the militia, to preserve the peace of the community and to maintain 
        the just authority of the laws against those violent invasions of them 
        which amount to insurrections and rebellions. Independent of all other reasonings upon the subject, it is a full answer 
        to those who require a more peremptory provision against military establishments 
        in time of peace, to say that the whole power of the proposed government 
        is to be in the hands of the representatives of the people. This is the 
        essential, and, after all, only efficacious security for the rights and 
        privileges of the people, which is attainable in civil society. [1] If the representatives of the people betray their constituents, there 
        is then no resource left but in the exertion of that original right of 
        self-defense which is paramount to all positive forms of government, and 
        which against the usurpations of the national rulers, may be exerted with 
        infinitely better prospect of success than against those of the rulers 
        of an individual state. In a single state, if the persons intrusted with 
        supreme power become usurpers, the different parcels, subdivisions, or 
        districts of which it consists, having no distinct government in each, 
        can take no regular measures for defense. The citizens must rush tumultuously 
        to arms, without concert, without system, without resource; except in 
        their courage and despair. The usurpers, clothed with the forms of legal 
        authority, can too often crush the opposition in embryo. The smaller the 
        extent of the territory, the more difficult will it be for the people 
        to form a regular or systematic plan of opposition, and the more easy 
        will it be to defeat their early efforts. Intelligence can be more speedily 
        obtained of their preparations and movements, and the military force in 
        the possession of the usurpers can be more rapidly directed against the 
        part where the opposition has begun. In this situation there must be a 
        peculiar coincidence of circumstances to insure success to the popular 
        resistance. The obstacles to usurpation and the facilities of resistance increase 
        with the increased extent of the state, provided the citizens understand 
        their rights and are disposed to defend them. The natural strength of 
        the people in a large community, in proportion to the artificial strength 
        of the government, is greater than in a small, and of course more competent 
        to a struggle with the attempts of the government to establish a tyranny. 
        But in a confederacy the people, without exaggeration, may be said to 
        be entirely the masters of their own fate. Power being almost always the 
        rival of power, the general government will at all times stand ready to 
        check the usurpations of the state governments, and these will have the 
        same disposition towards the general government. The people, by throwing 
        themselves into either scale, will infallibly make it preponderate. If 
        their rights are invaded by either, they can make use of the other as 
        the instrument of redress. How wise will it be in them by cherishing the 
        union to preserve to themselves an advantage which can never be too highly 
        prized! It may safely be received as an axiom in our political system, that the 
        State governments will, in all possible contingencies, afford complete 
        security against invasions of the public liberty by the national authority. 
        Projects of usurpation cannot be masked under pretenses so likely to escape 
        the penetration of select bodies of men, as of the people at large. The 
        legislatures will have better means of information. They can discover 
        the danger at a distance; and possessing all the organs of civil power, 
        and the confidence of the people, they can at once adopt a regular plan 
        of opposition, in which they can combine all the resources of the community. 
        They can readily communicate with each other in the different States, 
        and unite their common forces for the protection of their common liberty. The great extent of the country is a further security. We have already 
        experienced its utility against the attacks of a foreign power. And it 
        would have precisely the same effect against the enterprises of ambitious 
        rulers in the national councils. If the federal army should be able to 
        quell the resistance of one State, the distant States would have it in 
        their power to make head with fresh forces. The advantages obtained in 
        one place must be abandoned to subdue the opposition in others; and the 
        moment the part which had been reduced to submission was left to itself, 
        its efforts would be renewed, and its resistance revive. We should recollect that the extent of the military force must, at all 
        events, be regulated by the resources of the country. For a long time 
        to come, it will not be possible to maintain a large army; and as the 
        means of doing this increase, the population and natural strength of the 
        community will proportionably increase. When will the time arrive that 
        the federal government can raise and maintain an army capable of erecting 
        a despotism over the great body of the people of an immense empire, who 
        are in a situation, through the medium of their State governments, to 
        take measures for their own defense, with all the celerity, regularity, 
        and system of independent nations? The apprehension may be considered 
        as a disease, for which there can be found no cure in the resources of 
        argument and reasoning. 
