THE power of regulating the militia, and of commanding its services in 
        times of insurrection and invasion are natural incidents to the duties 
        of superintending the common defense, and of watching over the internal 
        peace of the Confederacy. It requires no skill in the science of war to discern that uniformity 
        in the organization and discipline of the militia would be attended with 
        the most beneficial effects, whenever they were called into service for 
        the public defense. It would enable them to discharge the duties of the 
        camp and of the field with mutual intelligence and concert an advantage 
        of peculiar moment in the operations of an army; and it would fit them 
        much sooner to acquire the degree of proficiency in military functions 
        which would be essential to their usefulness. This desirable uniformity 
        can only be accomplished by confiding the regulation of the militia to 
        the direction of the national authority. It is, therefore, with the most 
        evident propriety, that the plan of the convention proposes to empower 
        the Union "to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia, 
        and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service 
        of the United States, RESERVING TO THE STATES RESPECTIVELY THE APPOINTMENT 
        OF THE OFFICERS, AND THE AUTHORITY OF TRAINING THE MILITIA ACCORDING TO 
        THE DISCIPLINE PRESCRIBED BY CONGRESS." Of the different grounds which have been taken in opposition to the plan 
        of the convention, there is none that was so little to have been expected, 
        or is so untenable in itself, as the one from which this particular provision 
        has been attacked. If a well-regulated militia be the most natural defense 
        of a free country, it ought certainly to be under the regulation and at 
        the disposal of that body which is constituted the guardian of the national 
        security. If standing armies are dangerous to liberty, an efficacious 
        power over the militia, in the body to whose care the protection of the 
        State is committed, ought, as far as possible, to take away the inducement 
        and the pretext to such unfriendly institutions. If the federal government 
        can command the aid of the militia in those emergencies which call for 
        the military arm in support of the civil magistrate, it can the better 
        dispense with the employment of a different kind of force. If it cannot 
        avail itself of the former, it will be obliged to recur to the latter. 
        To render an army unnecessary, will be a more certain method of preventing 
        its existence than a thousand prohibitions upon paper. In order to cast an odium upon the power of calling forth the militia 
        to execute the laws of the Union, it has been remarked that there is nowhere 
        any provision in the proposed Constitution for calling out the POSSE COMITATUS, 
        to assist the magistrate in the execution of his duty, whence it has been 
        inferred, that military force was intended to be his only auxiliary. There 
        is a striking incoherence in the objections which have appeared, and sometimes 
        even from the same quarter, not much calculated to inspire a very favorable 
        opinion of the sincerity or fair dealing of their authors. The same persons 
        who tell us in one breath, that the powers of the federal government will 
        be despotic and unlimited, inform us in the next, that it has not authority 
        sufficient even to call out the POSSE COMITATUS. The latter, fortunately, 
        is as much short of the truth as the former exceeds it. It would be as 
        absurd to doubt, that a right to pass all laws NECESSARY AND PROPER to 
        execute its declared powers, would include that of requiring the assistance 
        of the citizens to the officers who may be intrusted with the execution 
        of those laws, as it would be to believe, that a right to enact laws necessary 
        and proper for the imposition and collection of taxes would involve that 
        of varying the rules of descent and of the alienation of landed property, 
        or of abolishing the trial by jury in cases relating to it. It being therefore 
        evident that the supposition of a want of power to require the aid of 
        the POSSE COMITATUS is entirely destitute of color, it will follow, that 
        the conclusion which has been drawn from it, in its application to the 
        authority of the federal government over the militia, is as uncandid as 
        it is illogical. What reason could there be to infer, that force was intended 
        to be the sole instrument of authority, merely because there is a power 
        to make use of it when necessary? What shall we think of the motives which 
        could induce men of sense to reason in this manner? How shall we prevent 
        a conflict between charity and judgment? By a curious refinement upon the spirit of republican jealousy, we are 
        even taught to apprehend danger from the militia itself, in the hands 
        of the federal government. It is observed that select corps may be formed, 
        composed of the young and ardent, who may be rendered subservient to the 
        views of arbitrary power. What plan for the regulation of the militia 
        may be pursued by the national government, is impossible to be foreseen. 
        But so far from viewing the matter in the same light with those who object 
        to select corps as dangerous, were the Constitution ratified, and were 
        I to deliver my sentiments to a member of the federal legislature from 
        this State on the subject of a militia establishment, I should hold to 
        him, in substance, the following discourse: "The project of disciplining all the militia of the United States is 
        as futile as it would be injurious, if it were capable of being carried 
        into execution. A tolerable expertness in military movements is a business 
        that requires time and practice. It is not a day, or even a week, that 
        will suffice for the attainment of it. To oblige the great body of the 
        yeomanry, and of the other classes of the citizens, to be under arms for 
        the purpose of going through military exercises and evolutions, as often 
        as might be necessary to acquire the degree of perfection which would 
        entitle them to the character of a well-regulated militia, would be a 
        real grievance to the people, and a serious public inconvenience and loss. 
        It would form an annual deduction from the productive labor of the country, 
        to an amount which, calculating upon the present numbers of the people, 
        would not fall far short of the whole expense of the civil establishments 
        of all the States. To attempt a thing which would abridge the mass of 
        labor and industry to so considerable an extent, would be unwise: and 
        the experiment, if made, could not succeed, because it would not long 
        be endured. Little more can reasonably be aimed at, with respect to the 
        people at large, than to have them properly armed and equipped; and in 
        order to see that this be not neglected, it will be necessary to assemble 
        them once or twice in the course of a year. "But though the scheme of disciplining the whole nation must be abandoned 
        as mischievous or impracticable; yet it is a matter of the utmost importance 
        that a well-digested plan should, as soon as possible, be adopted for 
        the proper establishment of the militia. The attention of the government 
        ought particularly to be directed to the formation of a select corps of 
        moderate extent, upon such principles as will really fit them for service 
        in case of need. By thus circumscribing the plan, it will be possible 
        to have an excellent body of well-trained militia, ready to take the field 
        whenever the defense of the State shall require it. This will not only 
        lessen the call for military establishments, but if circumstances should 
        at any time oblige the government to form an army of any magnitude that 
        army can never be formidable to the liberties of the people while there 
        is a large body of citizens, little, if at all, inferior to them in discipline 
        and the use of arms, who stand ready to defend their own rights and those 
        of their fellow-citizens. This appears to me the only substitute that 
        can be devised for a standing army, and the best possible security against 
        it, if it should exist." Thus differently from the adversaries of the proposed Constitution should 
        I reason on the same subject, deducing arguments of safety from the very 
        sources which they represent as fraught with danger and perdition. But 
        how the national legislature may reason on the point, is a thing which 
        neither they nor I can foresee. There is something so far-fetched and so extravagant in the idea of danger 
        to liberty from the militia, that one is at a loss whether to treat it 
        with gravity or with raillery; whether to consider it as a mere trial 
        of skill, like the paradoxes of rhetoricians; as a disingenuous artifice 
        to instil prejudices at any price; or as the serious offspring of political 
        fanaticism. Where in the name of common-sense, are our fears to end if 
        we may not trust our sons, our brothers, our neighbors, our fellow-citizens? 
        What shadow of danger can there be from men who are daily mingling with 
        the rest of their countrymen and who participate with them in the same 
        feelings, sentiments, habits and interests? What reasonable cause of apprehension 
        can be inferred from a power in the Union to prescribe regulations for 
        the militia, and to command its services when necessary, while the particular 
        States are to have the SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE APPOINTMENT OF THE OFFICERS? 
        If it were possible seriously to indulge a jealousy of the militia upon 
        any conceivable establishment under the federal government, the circumstance 
        of the officers being in the appointment of the States ought at once to 
        extinguish it. There can be no doubt that this circumstance will always 
        secure to them a preponderating influence over the militia. In reading many of the publications against the Constitution, a man is 
        apt to imagine that he is perusing some ill-written tale or romance, which 
        instead of natural and agreeable images, exhibits to the mind nothing 
        but frightful and distorted shapes "Gorgons, hydras, and chimeras dire"; 
        discoloring and disfiguring whatever it represents, and transforming everything 
        it touches into a monster. A sample of this is to be observed in the exaggerated and improbable 
        suggestions which have taken place respecting the power of calling for 
        the services of the militia. That of New Hampshire is to be marched to 
        Georgia, of Georgia to New Hampshire, of New York to Kentucky, and of 
        Kentucky to Lake Champlain. Nay, the debts due to the French and Dutch 
        are to be paid in militiamen instead of louis d'ors and ducats. At one 
        moment there is to be a large army to lay prostrate the liberties of the 
        people; at another moment the militia of Virginia are to be dragged from 
        their homes five or six hundred miles, to tame the republican contumacy 
        of Massachusetts; and that of Massachusetts is to be transported an equal 
        distance to subdue the refractory haughtiness of the aristocratic Virginians. 
        Do the persons who rave at this rate imagine that their art or their eloquence 
        can impose any conceits or absurdities upon the people of America for 
        infallible truths? If there should be an army to be made use of as the engine of despotism, 
        what need of the militia? If there should be no army, whither would the 
        militia, irritated by being called upon to undertake a distant and hopeless 
        expedition, for the purpose of riveting the chains of slavery upon a part 
        of their countrymen, direct their course, but to the seat of the tyrants, 
        who had meditated so foolish as well as so wicked a project, to crush 
        them in their imagined intrenchments of power, and to make them an example 
        of the just vengeance of an abused and incensed people? Is this the way 
        in which usurpers stride to dominion over a numerous and enlightened nation? 
        Do they begin by exciting the detestation of the very instruments of their 
        intended usurpations? Do they usually commence their career by wanton 
        and disgustful acts of power, calculated to answer no end, but to draw 
        upon themselves universal hatred and execration? Are suppositions of this 
        sort the sober admonitions of discerning patriots to a discerning people? 
        Or are they the inflammatory ravings of incendiaries or distempered enthusiasts? 
        If we were even to suppose the national rulers actuated by the most ungovernable 
        ambition, it is impossible to believe that they would employ such preposterous 
        means to accomplish their designs. In times of insurrection, or invasion, it would be natural and proper 
        that the militia of a neighboring State should be marched into another, 
        to resist a common enemy, or to guard the republic against the violence 
        of faction or sedition. This was frequently the case, in respect to the 
        first object, in the course of the late war; and this mutual succor is, 
        indeed, a principal end of our political association. If the power of 
        affording it be placed under the direction of the Union, there will be 
        no danger of a supine and listless inattention to the dangers of a neighbor, 
        till its near approach had superadded the incitements of selfpreservation 
        to the too feeble impulses of duty and sympathy. 
