IT HAS been already observed that the federal government ought to possess 
        the power of providing for the support of the national forces; in which 
        proposition was intended to be included the expense of raising troops, 
        of building and equipping fleets, and all other expenses in any wise connected 
        with military arrangements and operations. But these are not the only 
        objects to which the jurisdiction of the Union, in respect to revenue, 
        must necessarily be empowered to extend. It must embrace a provision for 
        the support of the national civil list; for the payment of the national 
        debts contracted, or that may be contracted; and, in general, for all 
        those matters which will call for disbursements out of the national treasury. 
        The conclusion is, that there must be interwoven, in the frame of the 
        government, a general power of taxation, in one shape or another. Money is, with propriety, considered as the vital principle of the body 
        politic; as that which sustains its life and motion, and enables it to 
        perform its most essential functions. A complete power, therefore, to 
        procure a regular and adequate supply of it, as far as the resources of 
        the community will permit, may be regarded as an indispensable ingredient 
        in every constitution. From a deficiency in this particular, one of two 
        evils must ensue; either the people must be subjected to continual plunder, 
        as a substitute for a more eligible mode of supplying the public wants, 
        or the government must sink into a fatal atrophy, and, in a short course 
        of time, perish. In the Ottoman or Turkish empire, the sovereign, though in other respects 
        absolute master of the lives and fortunes of his subjects, has no right 
        to impose a new tax. The consequence is that he permits the bashaws or 
        governors of provinces to pillage the people without mercy; and, in turn, 
        squeezes out of them the sums of which he stands in need, to satisfy his 
        own exigencies and those of the state. In America, from a like cause, 
        the government of the Union has gradually dwindled into a state of decay, 
        approaching nearly to annihilation. Who can doubt, that the happiness 
        of the people in both countries would be promoted by competent authorities 
        in the proper hands, to provide the revenues which the necessities of 
        the public might require? The present Confederation, feeble as it is intended to repose in the 
        United States, an unlimited power of providing for the pecuniary wants 
        of the Union. But proceeding upon an erroneous principle, it has been 
        done in such a manner as entirely to have frustrated the intention. Congress, 
        by the articles which compose that compact (as has already been stated), 
        are authorized to ascertain and call for any sums of money necessary, 
        in their judgment, to the service of the United States; and their requisitions, 
        if conformable to the rule of apportionment, are in every constitutional 
        sense obligatory upon the States. These have no right to question the 
        propriety of the demand; no discretion beyond that of devising the ways 
        and means of furnishing the sums demanded. But though this be strictly 
        and truly the case; though the assumption of such a right would be an 
        infringement of the articles of Union; though it may seldom or never have 
        been avowedly claimed, yet in practice it has been constantly exercised, 
        and would continue to be so, as long as the revenues of the Confederacy 
        should remain dependent on the intermediate agency of its members. What 
        the consequences of this system have been, is within the knowledge of 
        every man the least conversant in our public affairs, and has been amply 
        unfolded in different parts of these inquiries. It is this which has chiefly 
        contributed to reduce us to a situation, which affords ample cause both 
        of mortification to ourselves, and of triumph to our enemies. What remedy can there be for this situation, but in a change of the system 
        which has produced it in a change of the fallacious and delusive system 
        of quotas and requisitions? What substitute can there be imagined for 
        this ignis fatuus in finance, but that of permitting the national government 
        to raise its own revenues by the ordinary methods of taxation authorized 
        in every well-ordered constitution of civil government? Ingenious men 
        may declaim with plausibility on any subject; but no human ingenuity can 
        point out any other expedient to rescue us from the inconveniences and 
        embarrassments naturally resulting from defective supplies of the public 
        treasury. The more intelligent adversaries of the new Constitution admit the force 
        of this reasoning; but they qualify their admission by a distinction between 
        what they call INTERNAL and EXTERNAL taxation. The former they would reserve 
        to the State governments; the latter, which they explain into commercial 
        imposts, or rather duties on imported articles, they declare themselves 
        willing to concede to the federal head. This distinction, however, would 
        violate the maxim of good sense and sound policy, which dictates that 
        every POWER ought to be in proportion to its OBJECT; and would still leave 
        the general government in a kind of tutelage to the State governments, 
        inconsistent with every idea of vigor or efficiency. Who can pretend that 
        commercial imposts are, or would be, alone equal to the present and future 
        exigencies of the Union? Taking into the account the existing debt, foreign 
        and domestic, upon any plan of extinguishment which a man moderately impressed 
        with the importance of public justice and public credit could approve, 
        in addition to the establishments which all parties will acknowledge to 
        be necessary, we could not reasonably flatter ourselves, that this resource 
        alone, upon the most improved scale, would even suffice for its present 
        necessities. Its future necessities admit not of calculation or limitation; 
        and upon the principle, more than once adverted to, the power of making 
        provision for them as they arise ought to be equally unconfined. I believe 
        it may be regarded as a position warranted by the history of mankind, 
        that, IN THE USUAL PROGRESS OF THINGS, THE NECESSITIES OF A NATION, IN 
        EVERY STAGE OF ITS EXISTENCE, WILL BE FOUND AT LEAST EQUAL TO ITS RESOURCES. To say that deficiencies may be provided for by requisitions upon the 
        States, is on the one hand to acknowledge that this system cannot be depended 
        upon, and on the other hand to depend upon it for every thing beyond a 
        certain limit. Those who have carefully attended to its vices and deformities 
        as they have been exhibited by experience or delineated in the course 
        of these papers, must feel invincible repugnancy to trusting the national 
        interests in any degree to its operation. Its inevitable tendency, whenever 
        it is brought into activity, must be to enfeeble the Union, and sow the 
        seeds of discord and contention between the federal head and its members, 
        and between the members themselves. Can it be expected that the deficiencies 
        would be better supplied in this mode than the total wants of the Union 
        have heretofore been supplied in the same mode? It ought to be recollected 
        that if less will be required from the States, they will have proportionably 
        less means to answer the demand. If the opinions of those who contend 
        for the distinction which has been mentioned were to be received as evidence 
        of truth, one would be led to conclude that there was some known point 
        in the economy of national affairs at which it would be safe to stop and 
        to say: Thus far the ends of public happiness will be promoted by supplying 
        the wants of government, and all beyond this is unworthy of our care or 
        anxiety. How is it possible that a government half supplied and always 
        necessitous, can fulfill the purposes of its institution, can provide 
        for the security, advance the prosperity, or support the reputation of 
        the commonwealth? How can it ever possess either energy or stability, 
        dignity or credit, confidence at home or respectability abroad? How can 
        its administration be any thing else than a succession of expedients temporizing, 
        impotent, disgraceful? How will it be able to avoid a frequent sacrifice 
        of its engagements to immediate necessity? How can it undertake or execute 
        any liberal or enlarged plans of public good? Let us attend to what would be the effects of this situation in the very 
        first war in which we should happen to be engaged. We will presume, for 
        argument's sake, that the revenue arising from the impost duties answers 
        the purposes of a provision for the public debt and of a peace establishment 
        for the Union. Thus circumstanced, a war breaks out. What would be the 
        probable conduct of the government in such an emergency? Taught by experience 
        that proper dependence could not be placed on the success of requisitions, 
        unable by its own authority to lay hold of fresh resources, and urged 
        by considerations of national danger, would it not be driven to the expedient 
        of diverting the funds already appropriated from their proper objects 
        to the defense of the State? It is not easy to see how a step of this 
        kind could be avoided; and if it should be taken, it is evident that it 
        would prove the destruction of public credit at the very moment that it 
        was becoming essential to the public safety. To imagine that at such a 
        crisis credit might be dispensed with, would be the extreme of infatuation. 
        In the modern system of war, nations the most wealthy are obliged to have 
        recourse to large loans. A country so little opulent as ours must feel 
        this necessity in a much stronger degree. But who would lend to a government 
        that prefaced its overtures for borrowing by an act which demonstrated 
        that no reliance could be placed on the steadiness of its measures for 
        paying? The loans it might be able to procure would be as limited in their 
        extent as burdensome in their conditions. They would be made upon the 
        same principles that usurers commonly lend to bankrupt and fraudulent 
        debtors, with a sparing hand and at enormous premiums. It may perhaps be imagined that, from the scantiness of the resources 
        of the country, the necessity of diverting the established funds in the 
        case supposed would exist, though the national government should possess 
        an unrestrained power of taxation. But two considerations will serve to 
        quiet all apprehension on this head: one is, that we are sure the resources 
        of the community, in their full extent, will be brought into activity 
        for the benefit of the Union; the other is, that whatever deficiences 
        there may be, can without difficulty be supplied by loans. The power of creating new funds upon new objects of taxation, by its 
        own authority, would enable the national government to borrow as far as 
        its necessities might require. Foreigners, as well as the citizens of 
        America, could then reasonably repose confidence in its engagements; but 
        to depend upon a government that must itself depend upon thirteen other 
        governments for the means of fulfilling its contracts, when once its situation 
        is clearly understood, would require a degree of credulity not often to 
        be met with in the pecuniary transactions of mankind, and little reconcilable 
        with the usual sharp-sightedness of avarice. Reflections of this kind may have trifling weight with men who hope to 
        see realized in America the halcyon scenes of the poetic or fabulous age; 
        but to those who believe we are likely to experience a common portion 
        of the vicissitudes and calamities which have fallen to the lot of other 
        nations, they must appear entitled to serious attention. Such men must 
        behold the actual situation of their country with painful solicitude, 
        and deprecate the evils which ambition or revenge might, with too much 
        facility, inflict upon it. 
