IN DISQUISITIONS of every kind, there are certain primary truths, or 
        first principles, upon which all subsequent reasonings must depend. These 
        contain an internal evidence which, antecedent to all reflection or combination, 
        commands the assent of the mind. Where it produces not this effect, it 
        must proceed either from some defect or disorder in the organs of perception, 
        or from the influence of some strong interest, or passion, or prejudice. 
        Of this nature are the maxims in geometry, that "the whole is greater 
        than its part; things equal to the same are equal to one another; two 
        straight lines cannot enclose a space; and all right angles are equal 
        to each other." Of the same nature are these other maxims in ethics and 
        politics, that there cannot be an effect without a cause; that the means 
        ought to be proportioned to the end; that every power ought to be commensurate 
        with its object; that there ought to be no limitation of a power destined 
        to effect a purpose which is itself incapable of limitation. And there 
        are other truths in the two latter sciences which, if they cannot pretend 
        to rank in the class of axioms, are yet such direct inferences from them, 
        and so obvious in themselves, and so agreeable to the natural and unsophisticated 
        dictates of common-sense, that they challenge the assent of a sound and 
        unbiased mind, with a degree of force and conviction almost equally irresistible. The objects of geometrical inquiry are so entirely abstracted from those 
        pursuits which stir up and put in motion the unruly passions of the human 
        heart, that mankind, without difficulty, adopt not only the more simple 
        theorems of the science, but even those abstruse paradoxes which, however 
        they may appear susceptible of demonstration, are at variance with the 
        natural conceptions which the mind, without the aid of philosophy, would 
        be led to entertain upon the subject. The INFINITE DIVISIBILITY of matter, 
        or, in other words, the INFINITE divisibility of a FINITE thing, extending 
        even to the minutest atom, is a point agreed among geometricians, though 
        not less incomprehensible to common-sense than any of those mysteries 
        in religion, against which the batteries of infidelity have been so industriously 
        leveled. But in the sciences of morals and politics, men are found far less tractable. 
        To a certain degree, it is right and useful that this should be the case. 
        Caution and investigation are a necessary armor against error and imposition. 
        But this untractableness may be carried too far, and may degenerate into 
        obstinacy, perverseness, or disingenuity. Though it cannot be pretended 
        that the principles of moral and political knowledge have, in general, 
        the same degree of certainty with those of the mathematics, yet they have 
        much better claims in this respect than, to judge from the conduct of 
        men in particular situations, we should be disposed to allow them. The 
        obscurity is much oftener in the passions and prejudices of the reasoner 
        than in the subject. Men, upon too many occasions, do not give their own 
        understandings fair play; but, yielding to some untoward bias, they entangle 
        themselves in words and confound themselves in subtleties. How else could it happen (if we admit the objectors to be sincere in 
        their opposition), that positions so clear as those which manifest the 
        necessity of a general power of taxation in the government of the Union, 
        should have to encounter any adversaries among men of discernment? Though 
        these positions have been elsewhere fully stated, they will perhaps not 
        be improperly recapitulated in this place, as introductory to an examination 
        of what may have been offered by way of objection to them. They are in 
        substance as follows: A government ought to contain in itself every power requisite to the 
        full accomplishment of the objects committed to its care, and to the complete 
        execution of the trusts for which it is responsible, free from every other 
        control but a regard to the public good and to the sense of the people. As the duties of superintending the national defense and of securing 
        the public peace against foreign or domestic violence involve a provision 
        for casualties and dangers to which no possible limits can be assigned, 
        the power of making that provision ought to know no other bounds than 
        the exigencies of the nation and the resources of the community. As revenue is the essential engine by which the means of answering the 
        national exigencies must be procured, the power of procuring that article 
        in its full extent must necessarily be comprehended in that of providing 
        for those exigencies. As theory and practice conspire to prove that the power of procuring 
        revenue is unavailing when exercised over the States in their collective 
        capacities, the federal government must of necessity be invested with 
        an unqualified power of taxation in the ordinary modes. Did not experience evince the contrary, it would be natural to conclude 
        that the propriety of a general power of taxation in the national government 
        might safely be permitted to rest on the evidence of these propositions, 
        unassisted by any additional arguments or illustrations. But we find, 
        in fact, that the antagonists of the proposed Constitution, so far from 
        acquiescing in their justness or truth, seem to make their principal and 
        most zealous effort against this part of the plan. It may therefore be 
        satisfactory to analyze the arguments with which they combat it. Those of them which have been most labored with that view, seem in substance 
        to amount to this: "It is not true, because the exigencies of the Union 
        may not be susceptible of limitation, that its power of laying taxes ought 
        to be unconfined. Revenue is as requisite to the purposes of the local 
        administrations as to those of the Union; and the former are at least 
        of equal importance with the latter to the happiness of the people. It 
        is, therefore, as necessary that the State governments should be able 
        to command the means of supplying their wants, as that the national government 
        should possess the like faculty in respect to the wants of the Union. 
        But an indefinite power of taxation in the LATTER might, and probably 
        would in time, deprive the FORMER of the means of providing for their 
        own necessities; and would subject them entirely to the mercy of the national 
        legislature. As the laws of the Union are to become the supreme law of 
        the land, as it is to have power to pass all laws that may be NECESSARY 
        for carrying into execution the authorities with which it is proposed 
        to vest it, the national government might at any time abolish the taxes 
        imposed for State objects upon the pretense of an interference with its 
        own. It might allege a necessity of doing this in order to give efficacy 
        to the national revenues. And thus all the resources of taxation might 
        by degrees become the subjects of federal monopoly, to the entire exclusion 
        and destruction of the State governments." This mode of reasoning appears sometimes to turn upon the supposition 
        of usurpation in the national government; at other times it seems to be 
        designed only as a deduction from the constitutional operation of its 
        intended powers. It is only in the latter light that it can be admitted 
        to have any pretensions to fairness. The moment we launch into conjectures 
        about the usurpations of the federal government, we get into an unfathomable 
        abyss, and fairly put ourselves out of the reach of all reasoning. Imagination 
        may range at pleasure till it gets bewildered amidst the labyrinths of 
        an enchanted castle, and knows not on which side to turn to extricate 
        itself from the perplexities into which it has so rashly adventured. Whatever 
        may be the limits or modifications of the powers of the Union, it is easy 
        to imagine an endless train of possible dangers; and by indulging an excess 
        of jealousy and timidity, we may bring ourselves to a state of absolute 
        scepticism and irresolution. I repeat here what I have observed in substance 
        in another place, that all observations founded upon the danger of usurpation 
        ought to be referred to the composition and structure of the government, 
        not to the nature or extent of its powers. The State governments, by their 
        original constitutions, are invested with complete sovereignty. In what 
        does our security consist against usurpation from that quarter? Doubtless 
        in the manner of their formation, and in a due dependence of those who 
        are to administer them upon the people. If the proposed construction of 
        the federal government be found, upon an impartial examination of it, 
        to be such as to afford, to a proper extent, the same species of security, 
        all apprehensions on the score of usurpation ought to be discarded. It should not be forgotten that a disposition in the State governments 
        to encroach upon the rights of the Union is quite as probable as a disposition 
        in the Union to encroach upon the rights of the State governments. What 
        side would be likely to prevail in such a conflict, must depend on the 
        means which the contending parties could employ toward insuring success. 
        As in republics strength is always on the side of the people, and as there 
        are weighty reasons to induce a belief that the State governments will 
        commonly possess most influence over them, the natural conclusion is that 
        such contests will be most apt to end to the disadvantage of the Union; 
        and that there is greater probability of encroachments by the members 
        upon the federal head, than by the federal head upon the members. But 
        it is evident that all conjectures of this kind must be extremely vague 
        and fallible: and that it is by far the safest course to lay them altogether 
        aside, and to confine our attention wholly to the nature and extent of 
        the powers as they are delineated in the Constitution. Every thing beyond 
        this must be left to the prudence and firmness of the people; who, as 
        they will hold the scales in their own hands, it is to be hoped, will 
        always take care to preserve the constitutional equilibrium between the 
        general and the State governments. Upon this ground, which is evidently 
        the true one, it will not be difficult to obviate the objections which 
        have been made to an indefinite power of taxation in the United States. 
      
