THE FOURTH class comprises the following miscellaneous powers:1. A power 
        "to promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing, for 
        a limited time, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their 
        respective writings and discoveries. "The utility of this power will 
        scarcely be questioned. The copyright of authors has been solemnly adjudged, 
        in Great Britain, to be a right of common law. The right to useful inventions 
        seems with equal reason to belong to the inventors. The public good fully coincides in both cases with the claims of individuals. 
        The States cannot separately make effectual provisions for either of the 
        cases, and most of them have anticipated the decision of this point, by 
        laws passed at the instance of Congress. 2. "To exercise exclusive legislation, 
        in all cases whatsoever, over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) 
        as may, by cession of particular States and the acceptance of Congress, 
        become the seat of the government of the United States; and to exercise 
        like authority over all places purchased by the consent of the legislatures 
        of the States in which the same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, 
        arsenals, dockyards, and other needful buildings. "The indispensable 
        necessity of complete authority at the seat of government, carries its 
        own evidence with it. It is a power exercised by every legislature of 
        the Union, I might say of the world, by virtue of its general supremacy. 
        Without it, not only the public authority might be insulted and its proceedings 
        interrupted with impunity; but a dependence of the members of the general 
        government on the State comprehending the seat of the government, for 
        protection in the exercise of their duty, might bring on the national 
        councils an imputation of awe or influence, equally dishonorable to the 
        government and dissatisfactory to the other members of the Confederacy. 
        This consideration has the more weight, as the gradual accumulation of 
        public improvements at the stationary residence of the government would 
        be both too great a public pledge to be left in the hands of a single 
        State, and would create so many obstacles to a removal of the government, 
        as still further to abridge its necessary independence. The extent of 
        this federal district is sufficiently circumscribed to satisfy every jealousy 
        of an opposite nature. And as it is to be appropriated to this use with 
        the consent of the State ceding it; as the State will no doubt provide 
        in the compact for the rights and the consent of the citizens inhabiting 
        it; as the inhabitants will find sufficient inducements of interest to 
        become willing parties to the cession; as they will have had their voice 
        in the election of the government which is to exercise authority over 
        them; as a municipal legislature for local purposes, derived from their 
        own suffrages, will of course be allowed them; and as the authority of 
        the legislature of the State, and of the inhabitants of the ceded part 
        of it, to concur in the cession, will be derived from the whole people 
        of the State in their adoption of the Constitution, every imaginable objection 
        seems to be obviated. The necessity of a like authority over forts, magazines, 
        etc. , established by the general government, is not less evident. The 
        public money expended on such places, and the public property deposited 
        in them, requires that they should be exempt from the authority of the 
        particular State. Nor would it be proper for the places on which the security 
        of the entire Union may depend, to be in any degree dependent on a particular 
        member of it. All objections and scruples are here also obviated, by requiring 
        the concurrence of the States concerned, in every such establishment. 
        3. "To declare the punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason 
        shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiture, except during the life 
        of the person attained. "As treason may be committed against the United 
        States, the authority of the United States ought to be enabled to punish 
        it. But as new-fangled and artificial treasons have been the great engines 
        by which violent factions, the natural offspring of free government, have 
        usually wreaked their alternate malignity on each other, the convention 
        have, with great judgment, opposed a barrier to this peculiar danger, 
        by inserting a constitutional definition of the crime, fixing the proof 
        necessary for conviction of it, and restraining the Congress, even in 
        punishing it, from extending the consequences of guilt beyond the person 
        of its author. 4. "To admit new States into the Union; but no new State 
        shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any other State; 
        nor any State be formed by the junction of two or more States, or parts 
        of States, without the consent of the legislatures of the States concerned, 
        as well as of the Congress. "In the articles of Confederation, no provision 
        is found on this important subject. Canada was to be admitted of right, 
        on her joining in the measures of the United States; and the other COLONIES, 
        by which were evidently meant the other British colonies, at the discretion 
        of nine States. The eventual establishment of NEW STATES seems to have 
        been overlooked by the compilers of that instrument. We have seen the 
        inconvenience of this omission, and the assumption of power into which 
        Congress have been led by it. With great propriety, therefore, has the 
        new system supplied the defect. The general precaution, that no new States 
        shall be formed, without the concurrence of the federal authority, and 
        that of the States concerned, is consonant to the principles which ought 
        to govern such transactions. The particular precaution against the erection 
        of new States, by the partition of a State without its consent, quiets 
        the jealousy of the larger States; as that of the smaller is quieted by 
        a like precaution, against a junction of States without their consent. 
        5. "To dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting 
        the territory or other property belonging to the United States, with a 
        proviso, that nothing in the Constitution shall be so construed as to 
        prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
        "This is a power of very great importance, and required by considerations 
        similar to those which show the propriety of the former. The proviso annexed 
        is proper in itself, and was probably rendered absolutely necessary by 
        jealousies and questions concerning the Western territory sufficiently 
        known to the public. 6. "To guarantee to every State in the Union a republican 
        form of government; to protect each of them against invasion; and on application 
        of the legislature, or of the executive (when the legislature cannot be 
        convened), against domestic violence. "In a confederacy founded on republican 
        principles, and composed of republican members, the superintending government 
        ought clearly to possess authority to defend the system against aristocratic 
        or monarchial innovations. The more intimate the nature of such a union 
        may be, the greater interest have the members in the political institutions 
        of each other; and the greater right to insist that the forms of government 
        under which the compact was entered into should be SUBSTANTIALLY maintained. 
        But a right implies a remedy; and where else could the remedy be deposited, 
        than where it is deposited by the Constitution? Governments of dissimilar 
        principles and forms have been found less adapted to a federal coalition 
        of any sort, than those of a kindred nature. "As the confederate republic 
        of Germany," says Montesquieu, "consists of free cities and petty states, 
        subject to different princes, experience shows us that it is more imperfect 
        than that of Holland and Switzerland. " "Greece was undone," he adds, 
        "as soon as the king of Macedon obtained a seat among the Amphictyons. 
        " In the latter case, no doubt, the disproportionate force, as well as 
        the monarchical form, of the new confederate, had its share of influence 
        on the events. It may possibly be asked, what need there could be of such 
        a precaution, and whether it may not become a pretext for alterations 
        in the State governments, without the concurrence of the States themselves. 
        These questions admit of ready answers. If the interposition of the general 
        government should not be needed, the provision for such an event will 
        be a harmless superfluity only in the Constitution. But who can say what 
        experiments may be produced by the caprice of particular States, by the 
        ambition of enterprising leaders, or by the intrigues and influence of 
        foreign powers? To the second question it may be answered, that if the 
        general government should interpose by virtue of this constitutional authority, 
        it will be, of course, bound to pursue the authority. But the authority 
        extends no further than to a GUARANTY of a republican form of government, 
        which supposes a pre-existing government of the form which is to be guaranteed. 
        As long, therefore, as the existing republican forms are continued by 
        the States, they are guaranteed by the federal Constitution. Whenever 
        the States may choose to substitute other republican forms, they have 
        a right to do so, and to claim the federal guaranty for the latter. The 
        only restriction imposed on them is, that they shall not exchange republican 
        for antirepublican Constitutions; a restriction which, it is presumed, 
        will hardly be considered as a grievance. A protection against invasion is due from every society to the parts 
        composing it. The latitude of the expression here used seems to secure 
        each State, not only against foreign hostility, but against ambitious 
        or vindictive enterprises of its more powerful neighbors. The history, 
        both of ancient and modern confederacies, proves that the weaker members 
        of the union ought not to be insensible to the policy of this article. 
        Protection against domestic violence is added with equal propriety. It 
        has been remarked, that even among the Swiss cantons, which, properly 
        speaking, are not under one government, provision is made for this object; 
        and the history of that league informs us that mutual aid is frequently 
        claimed and afforded; and as well by the most democratic, as the other 
        cantons. A recent and well-known event among ourselves has warned us to 
        be prepared for emergencies of a like nature. At first view, it might 
        seem not to square with the republican theory, to suppose, either that 
        a majority have not the right, or that a minority will have the force, 
        to subvert a government; and consequently, that the federal interposition 
        can never be required, but when it would be improper. But theoretic reasoning, 
        in this as in most other cases, must be qualified by the lessons of practice. 
        Why may not illicit combinations, for purposes of violence, be formed 
        as well by a majority of a State, especially a small State as by a majority 
        of a county, or a district of the same State; and if the authority of 
        the State ought, in the latter case, to protect the local magistracy, 
        ought not the federal authority, in the former, to support the State authority? 
        Besides, there are certain parts of the State constitutions which are 
        so interwoven with the federal Constitution, that a violent blow cannot 
        be given to the one without communicating the wound to the other. Insurrections in a State will rarely induce a federal interposition, 
        unless the number concerned in them bear some proportion to the friends 
        of government. It will be much better that the violence in such cases 
        should be repressed by the superintending power, than that the majority 
        should be left to maintain their cause by a bloody and obstinate contest. 
        The existence of a right to interpose, will generally prevent the necessity 
        of exerting it. Is it true that force and right are necessarily on the 
        same side in republican governments? May not the minor party possess such 
        a superiority of pecuniary resources, of military talents and experience, 
        or of secret succors from foreign powers, as will render it superior also 
        in an appeal to the sword? May not a more compact and advantageous position 
        turn the scale on the same side, against a superior number so situated 
        as to be less capable of a prompt and collected exertion of its strength? 
        Nothing can be more chimerical than to imagine that in a trial of actual 
        force, victory may be calculated by the rules which prevail in a census 
        of the inhabitants, or which determine the event of an election! May it not happen, in fine, that the minority of CITIZENS may become 
        a majority of PERSONS, by the accession of alien residents, of a casual 
        concourse of adventurers, or of those whom the constitution of the State 
        has not admitted to the rights of suffrage? I take no notice of an unhappy 
        species of population abounding in some of the States, who, during the 
        calm of regular government, are sunk below the level of men; but who, 
        in the tempestuous scenes of civil violence, may emerge into the human 
        character, and give a superiority of strength to any party with which 
        they may associate themselves. In cases where it may be doubtful on which 
        side justice lies, what better umpires could be desired by two violent 
        factions, flying to arms, and tearing a State to pieces, than the representatives 
        of confederate States, not heated by the local flame? To the impartiality 
        of judges, they would unite the affection of friends. Happy would it be 
        if such a remedy for its infirmities could be enjoyed by all free governments; 
        if a project equally effectual could be established for the universal 
        peace of mankind! Should it be asked, what is to be the redress for an 
        insurrection pervading all the States, and comprising a superiority of 
        the entire force, though not a constitutional right? the answer must be, 
        that such a case, as it would be without the compass of human remedies, 
        so it is fortunately not within the compass of human probability; and 
        that it is a sufficient recommendation of the federal Constitution, that 
        it diminishes the risk of a calamity for which no possible constitution 
        can provide a cure. Among the advantages of a confederate republic enumerated 
        by Montesquieu, an important one is, "that should a popular insurrection 
        happen in one of the States, the others are able to quell it. Should abuses 
        creep into one part, they are reformed by those that remain sound. "7. 
        "To consider all debts contracted, and engagements entered into, before 
        the adoption of this Constitution, as being no less valid against the 
        United States, under this Constitution, than under the Confederation. 
        "This can only be considered as a declaratory proposition; and may have 
        been inserted, among other reasons, for the satisfaction of the foreign 
        creditors of the United States, who cannot be strangers to the pretended 
        doctrine, that a change in the political form of civil society has the 
        magical effect of dissolving its moral obligations. Among the lesser criticisms 
        which have been exercised on the Constitution, it has been remarked that 
        the validity of engagements ought to have been asserted in favor of the 
        United States, as well as against them; and in the spirit which usually 
        characterizes little critics, the omission has been transformed and magnified 
        into a plot against the national rights. The authors of this discovery 
        may be told, what few others need to be informed of, that as engagements 
        are in their nature reciprocal, an assertion of their validity on one 
        side, necessarily involves a validity on the other side; and that as the 
        article is merely declaratory, the establishment of the principle in one 
        case is sufficient for every case. They may be further told, that every 
        constitution must limit its precautions to dangers that are not altogether 
        imaginary; and that no real danger can exist that the government would 
        DARE, with, or even without, this constitutional declaration before it, 
        to remit the debts justly due to the public, on the pretext here condemned. 
        8. "To provide for amendments to be ratified by three fourths of the 
        States under two exceptions only. "That useful alterations will be suggested 
        by experience, could not but be foreseen. It was requisite, therefore, 
        that a mode for introducing them should be provided. The mode preferred 
        by the convention seems to be stamped with every mark of propriety. It 
        guards equally against that extreme facility, which would render the Constitution 
        too mutable; and that extreme difficulty, which might perpetuate its discovered 
        faults. It, moreover, equally enables the general and the State governments 
        to originate the amendment of errors, as they may be pointed out by the 
        experience on one side, or on the other. The exception in favor of the 
        equality of suffrage in the Senate, was probably meant as a palladium 
        to the residuary sovereignty of the States, implied and secured by that 
        principle of representation in one branch of the legislature; and was 
        probably insisted on by the States particularly attached to that equality. 
        The other exception must have been admitted on the same considerations 
        which produced the privilege defended by it. 9. "The ratification of 
        the conventions of nine States shall be sufficient for the establishment 
        of this Constitution between the States, ratifying the same. "This article 
        speaks for itself. The express authority of the people alone could give due validity to 
        the Constitution. To have required the unanimous ratification of the thirteen 
        States, would have subjected the essential interests of the whole to the 
        caprice or corruption of a single member. It would have marked a want 
        of foresight in the convention, which our own experience would have rendered 
        inexcusable. Two questions of a very delicate nature present themselves 
        on this occasion: 1. On what principle the Confederation, which stands 
        in the solemn form of a compact among the States, can be superseded without 
        the unanimous consent of the parties to it? 2. What relation is to subsist 
        between the nine or more States ratifying the Constitution, and the remaining 
        few who do not become parties to it? The first question is answered at 
        once by recurring to the absolute necessity of the case; to the great 
        principle of self-preservation; to the transcendent law of nature and 
        of nature's God, which declares that the safety and happiness of society 
        are the objects at which all political institutions aim, and to which 
        all such institutions must be sacrificed. PERHAPS, also, an answer may 
        be found without searching beyond the principles of the compact itself. 
        It has been heretofore noted among the defects of the Confederation, that 
        in many of the States it had received no higher sanction than a mere legislative 
        ratification. The principle of reciprocality seems to require that its 
        obligation on the other States should be reduced to the same standard. 
        A compact between independent sovereigns, founded on ordinary acts of 
        legislative authority, can pretend to no higher validity than a league 
        or treaty between the parties. It is an established doctrine on the subject 
        of treaties, that all the articles are mutually conditions of each other; 
        that a breach of any one article is a breach of the whole treaty; and 
        that a breach, committed by either of the parties, absolves the others, 
        and authorizes them, if they please, to pronounce the compact violated 
        and void. Should it unhappily be necessary to appeal to these delicate 
        truths for a justification for dispensing with the consent of particular 
        States to a dissolution of the federal pact, will not the complaining 
        parties find it a difficult task to answer the MULTIPLIED and IMPORTANT 
        infractions with which they may be confronted? The time has been when 
        it was incumbent on us all to veil the ideas which this paragraph exhibits. 
        The scene is now changed, and with it the part which the same motives 
        dictate. The second question is not less delicate; and the flattering 
        prospect of its being merely hypothetical forbids an overcurious discussion 
        of it. It is one of those cases which must be left to provide for itself. 
        In general, it may be observed, that although no political relation can 
        subsist between the assenting and dissenting States, yet the moral relations 
        will remain uncancelled. The claims of justice, both on one side and on 
        the other, will be in force, and must be fulfilled; the rights of humanity 
        must in all cases be duly and mutually respected; whilst considerations 
        of a common interest, and, above all, the remembrance of the endearing 
        scenes which are past, and the anticipation of a speedy triumph over the 
        obstacles to reunion, will, it is hoped, not urge in vain MODERATION on 
        one side, and PRUDENCE on the other. 
