HAVING shown that no one of the powers transferred to the federal government 
        is unnecessary or improper, the next question to be considered is, whether 
        the whole mass of them will be dangerous to the portion of authority left 
        in the several States. The adversaries to the plan of the convention, 
        instead of considering in the first place what degree of power was absolutely 
        necessary for the purposes of the federal government, have exhausted themselves 
        in a secondary inquiry into the possible consequences of the proposed 
        degree of power to the governments of the particular States. But if the 
        Union, as has been shown, be essential to the security of the people of 
        America against foreign danger; if it be essential to their security against 
        contentions and wars among the different States; if it be essential to 
        guard them against those violent and oppressive factions which embitter 
        the blessings of liberty, and against those military establishments which 
        must gradually poison its very fountain; if, in a word, the Union be essential 
        to the happiness of the people of America, is it not preposterous, to 
        urge as an objection to a government, without which the objects of the 
        Union cannot be attained, that such a government may derogate from the 
        importance of the governments of the individual States? Was, then, the 
        American Revolution effected, was the American Confederacy formed, was 
        the precious blood of thousands spilt, and the hard-earned substance of 
        millions lavished, not that the people of America should enjoy peace, 
        liberty, and safety, but that the government of the individual States, 
        that particular municipal establishments, might enjoy a certain extent 
        of power, and be arrayed with certain dignities and attributes of sovereignty? 
        We have heard of the impious doctrine in the Old World, that the people 
        were made for kings, not kings for the people. Is the same doctrine to 
        be revived in the New, in another shape that the solid happiness of the 
        people is to be sacrificed to the views of political institutions of a 
        different form? It is too early for politicians to presume on our forgetting 
        that the public good, the real welfare of the great body of the people, 
        is the supreme object to be pursued; and that no form of government whatever 
        has any other value than as it may be fitted for the attainment of this 
        object. Were the plan of the convention adverse to the public happiness, 
        my voice would be, Reject the plan. Were the Union itself inconsistent 
        with the public happiness, it would be, Abolish the Union. In like manner, 
        as far as the sovereignty of the States cannot be reconciled to the happiness 
        of the people, the voice of every good citizen must be, Let the former be sacrificed to the latter. How far the sacrifice is 
        necessary, has been shown. How far the unsacrificed residue will be endangered, 
        is the question before us. Several important considerations have been 
        touched in the course of these papers, which discountenance the supposition 
        that the operation of the federal government will by degrees prove fatal 
        to the State governments. The more I revolve the subject, the more fully 
        I am persuaded that the balance is much more likely to be disturbed by 
        the preponderancy of the last than of the first scale. We have seen, in 
        all the examples of ancient and modern confederacies, the strongest tendency 
        continually betraying itself in the members, to despoil the general government 
        of its authorities, with a very ineffectual capacity in the latter to 
        defend itself against the encroachments. Although, in most of these examples, 
        the system has been so dissimilar from that under consideration as greatly 
        to weaken any inference concerning the latter from the fate of the former, 
        yet, as the States will retain, under the proposed Constitution, a very 
        extensive portion of active sovereignty, the inference ought not to be 
        wholly disregarded. In the Achaean league it is probable that the federal 
        head had a degree and species of power, which gave it a considerable likeness 
        to the government framed by the convention. The Lycian Confederacy, as 
        far as its principles and form are transmitted, must have borne a still 
        greater analogy to it. Yet history does not inform us that either of them 
        ever degenerated, or tended to degenerate, into one consolidated government. 
        On the contrary, we know that the ruin of one of them proceeded from the 
        incapacity of the federal authority to prevent the dissensions, and finally 
        the disunion, of the subordinate authorities. These cases are the more 
        worthy of our attention, as the external causes by which the component 
        parts were pressed together were much more numerous and powerful than 
        in our case; and consequently less powerful ligaments within would be 
        sufficient to bind the members to the head, and to each other. In the 
        feudal system, we have seen a similar propensity exemplified. Notwithstanding 
        the want of proper sympathy in every instance between the local sovereigns 
        and the people, and the sympathy in some instances between the general 
        sovereign and the latter, it usually happened that the local sovereigns 
        prevailed in the rivalship for encroachments. Had no external dangers enforced internal harmony and subordination, 
        and particularly, had the local sovereigns possessed the affections of 
        the people, the great kingdoms in Europe would at this time consist of 
        as many independent princes as there were formerly feudatory barons. The 
        State government will have the advantage of the Federal government, whether 
        we compare them in respect to the immediate dependence of the one on the 
        other; to the weight of personal influence which each side will possess; 
        to the powers respectively vested in them; to the predilection and probable 
        support of the people; to the disposition and faculty of resisting and 
        frustrating the measures of each other. The State governments may be regarded 
        as constituent and essential parts of the federal government; whilst the 
        latter is nowise essential to the operation or organization of the former. 
        Without the intervention of the State legislatures, the President of the 
        United States cannot be elected at all. They must in all cases have a 
        great share in his appointment, and will, perhaps, in most cases, of themselves 
        determine it. The Senate will be elected absolutely and exclusively by 
        the State legislatures. Even the House of Representatives, though drawn 
        immediately from the people, will be chosen very much under the influence 
        of that class of men, whose influence over the people obtains for themselves 
        an election into the State legislatures. Thus, each of the principal branches 
        of the federal government will owe its existence more or less to the favor 
        of the State governments, and must consequently feel a dependence, which 
        is much more likely to beget a disposition too obsequious than too overbearing 
        towards them. On the other side, the component parts of the State governments 
        will in no instance be indebted for their appointment to the direct agency 
        of the federal government, and very little, if at all, to the local influence 
        of its members. The number of individuals employed under the Constitution 
        of the United States will be much smaller than the number employed under 
        the particular States. There will consequently be less of personal influence on the side of 
        the former than of the latter. The members of the legislative, executive, 
        and judiciary departments of thirteen and more States, the justices of 
        peace, officers of militia, ministerial officers of justice, with all 
        the county, corporation, and town officers, for three millions and more 
        of people, intermixed, and having particular acquaintance with every class 
        and circle of people, must exceed, beyond all proportion, both in number 
        and influence, those of every description who will be employed in the 
        administration of the federal system. Compare the members of the three 
        great departments of the thirteen States, excluding from the judiciary 
        department the justices of peace, with the members of the corresponding 
        departments of the single government of the Union; compare the militia 
        officers of three millions of people with the military and marine officers 
        of any establishment which is within the compass of probability, or, I 
        may add, of possibility, and in this view alone, we may pronounce the 
        advantage of the States to be decisive. If the federal government is to 
        have collectors of revenue, the State governments will have theirs also. 
        And as those of the former will be principally on the seacoast, and not 
        very numerous, whilst those of the latter will be spread over the face 
        of the country, and will be very numerous, the advantage in this view 
        also lies on the same side. It is true, that the Confederacy is to possess, and may exercise, the 
        power of collecting internal as well as external taxes throughout the 
        States; but it is probable that this power will not be resorted to, except 
        for supplemental purposes of revenue; that an option will then be given 
        to the States to supply their quotas by previous collections of their 
        own; and that the eventual collection, under the immediate authority of 
        the Union, will generally be made by the officers, and according to the 
        rules, appointed by the several States. Indeed it is extremely probable, 
        that in other instances, particularly in the organization of the judicial 
        power, the officers of the States will be clothed with the correspondent 
        authority of the Union. Should it happen, however, that separate collectors of internal revenue 
        should be appointed under the federal government, the influence of the 
        whole number would not bear a comparison with that of the multitude of 
        State officers in the opposite scale. Within every district to which a federal collector would be allotted, 
        there would not be less than thirty or forty, or even more, officers of 
        different descriptions, and many of them persons of character and weight, 
        whose influence would lie on the side of the State. The powers delegated 
        by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined. 
        Those which are to remain in the State governments are numerous and indefinite. 
        The former will be exercised principally on external objects, as war, 
        peace, negotiation, and foreign commerce; with which last the power of 
        taxation will, for the most part, be connected. The powers reserved to 
        the several States will extend to all the objects which, in the ordinary 
        course of affairs, concern the lives, liberties, and properties of the 
        people, and the internal order, improvement, and prosperity of the State. 
        The operations of the federal government will be most extensive and important 
        in times of war and danger; those of the State governments, in times of 
        peace and security. As the former periods will probably bear a small proportion 
        to the latter, the State governments will here enjoy another advantage 
        over the federal government. The more adequate, indeed, the federal powers 
        may be rendered to the national defense, the less frequent will be those 
        scenes of danger which might favor their ascendancy over the governments 
        of the particular States. If the new Constitution be examined with accuracy 
        and candor, it will be found that the change which it proposes consists 
        much less in the addition of NEW POWERS to the Union, than in the invigoration 
        of its ORIGINAL POWERS. The regulation of commerce, it is true, is a new 
        power; but that seems to be an addition which few oppose, and from which 
        no apprehensions are entertained. The powers relating to war and peace, 
        armies and fleets, treaties and finance, with the other more considerable 
        powers, are all vested in the existing Congress by the articles of Confederation. 
        The proposed change does not enlarge these powers; it only substitutes 
        a more effectual mode of administering them. The change relating to taxation 
        may be regarded as the most important; and yet the present Congress have 
        as complete authority to REQUIRE of the States indefinite supplies of 
        money for the common defense and general welfare, as the future Congress 
        will have to require them of individual citizens; and the latter will 
        be no more bound than the States themselves have been, to pay the quotas 
        respectively taxed on them. Had the States complied punctually with the 
        articles of Confederation, or could their compliance have been enforced 
        by as peaceable means as may be used with success towards single persons, 
        our past experience is very far from countenancing an opinion, that the 
        State governments would have lost their constitutional powers, and have 
        gradually undergone an entire consolidation. To maintain that such an 
        event would have ensued, would be to say at once, that the existence of 
        the State governments is incompatible with any system whatever that accomplishes 
        the essential purposes of the Union. 
