IT WAS shown in the last paper that the political apothegm there examined 
        does not require that the legislative, executive, and judiciary departments 
        should be wholly unconnected with each other. I shall undertake, in the 
        next place, to show that unless these departments be so far connected 
        and blended as to give to each a constitutional control over the others, 
        the degree of separation which the maxim requires, as essential to a free 
        government, can never in practice be duly maintained. It is agreed on 
        all sides, that the powers properly belonging to one of the departments 
        ought not to be directly and completely administered by either of the 
        other departments. It is equally evident, that none of them ought to possess, 
        directly or indirectly, an overruling influence over the others, in the 
        administration of their respective powers. It will not be denied, that 
        power is of an encroaching nature, and that it ought to be effectually 
        restrained from passing the limits assigned to it. After discriminating, therefore, in theory, the several classes of power, 
        as they may in their nature be legislative, executive, or judiciary, the 
        next and most difficult task is to provide some practical security for 
        each, against the invasion of the others. What this security ought to be, is the great problem to be solved. Will 
        it be sufficient to mark, with precision, the boundaries of these departments, 
        in the constitution of the government, and to trust to these parchment 
        barriers against the encroaching spirit of power? This is the security 
        which appears to have been principally relied on by the compilers of most 
        of the American constitutions. But experience assures us, that the efficacy 
        of the provision has been greatly overrated; and that some more adequate 
        defense is indispensably necessary for the more feeble, against the more 
        powerful, members of the government. The legislative department is everywhere 
        extending the sphere of its activity, and drawing all power into its impetuous 
        vortex. The founders of our republics have so much merit for the wisdom 
        which they have displayed, that no task can be less pleasing than that 
        of pointing out the errors into which they have fallen. A respect for 
        truth, however, obliges us to remark, that they seem never for a moment 
        to have turned their eyes from the danger to liberty from the overgrown 
        and all-grasping prerogative of an hereditary magistrate, supported and 
        fortified by an hereditary branch of the legislative authority. They seem 
        never to have recollected the danger from legislative usurpations, which, 
        by assembling all power in the same hands, must lead to the same tyranny 
        as is threatened by executive usurpations. In a government where numerous 
        and extensive prerogatives are placed in the hands of an hereditary monarch, 
        the executive department is very justly regarded as the source of danger, 
        and watched with all the jealousy which a zeal for liberty ought to inspire. 
        In a democracy, where a multitude of people exercise in person the legislative 
        functions, and are continually exposed, by their incapacity for regular 
        deliberation and concerted measures, to the ambitious intrigues of their 
        executive magistrates, tyranny may well be apprehended, on some favorable 
        emergency, to start up in the same quarter. But in a representative republic, 
        where the executive magistracy is carefully limited; both in the extent 
        and the duration of its power; and where the legislative power is exercised 
        by an assembly, which is inspired, by a supposed influence over the people, 
        with an intrepid confidence in its own strength; which is sufficiently 
        numerous to feel all the passions which actuate a multitude, yet not so 
        numerous as to be incapable of pursuing the objects of its passions, by 
        means which reason prescribes; it is against the enterprising ambition 
        of this department that the people ought to indulge all their jealousy 
        and exhaust all their precautions. The legislative department derives 
        a superiority in our governments from other circumstances. Its constitutional 
        powers being at once more extensive, and less susceptible of precise limits, 
        it can, with the greater facility, mask, under complicated and indirect 
        measures, the encroachments which it makes on the co-ordinate departments. 
        It is not unfrequently a question of real nicety in legislative bodies, 
        whether the operation of a particular measure will, or will not, extend 
        beyond the legislative sphere. On the other side, the executive power 
        being restrained within a narrower compass, and being more simple in its 
        nature, and the judiciary being described by landmarks still less uncertain, 
        projects of usurpation by either of these departments would immediately 
        betray and defeat themselves. Nor is this all: as the legislative department 
        alone has access to the pockets of the people, and has in some constitutions 
        full discretion, and in all a prevailing influence, over the pecuniary 
        rewards of those who fill the other departments, a dependence is thus 
        created in the latter, which gives still greater facility to encroachments 
        of the former. I have appealed to our own experience for the truth of 
        what I advance on this subject. Were it necessary to verify this experience 
        by particular proofs, they might be multiplied without end. I might find 
        a witness in every citizen who has shared in, or been attentive to, the 
        course of public administrations. I might collect vouchers in abundance 
        from the records and archives of every State in the Union. But as a more 
        concise, and at the same time equally satisfactory, evidence, I will refer 
        to the example of two States, attested by two unexceptionable authorities. 
        The first example is that of Virginia, a State which, as we have seen, 
        has expressly declared in its constitution, that the three great departments 
        ought not to be intermixed. The authority in support of it is Mr. Jefferson, 
        who, besides his other advantages for remarking the operation of the government, 
        was himself the chief magistrate of it. In order to convey fully the ideas 
        with which his experience had impressed him on this subject, it will be 
        necessary to quote a passage of some length from his very interesting 
        "Notes on the State of Virginia," p. 195. "All the powers of government, 
        legislative, executive, and judiciary, result to the legislative body. 
        The concentrating these in the same hands, is precisely the definition 
        of despotic government. It will be no alleviation, that these powers will 
        be exercised by a plurality of hands, and not by a single one. One hundred 
        and seventy-three despots would surely be as oppressive as one. Let those 
        who doubt it, turn their eyes on the republic of Venice. As little will 
        it avail us, that they are chosen by ourselves. An ELECTIVE DESPOTISM 
        was not the government we fought for; but one which should not only be 
        founded on free principles, but in which the powers of government should 
        be so divided and balanced among several bodies of magistracy, as that 
        no one could transcend their legal limits, without being effectually checked 
        and restrained by the others. For this reason, that convention which passed the ordinance of government, 
        laid its foundation on this basis, that the legislative, executive, and 
        judiciary departments should be separate and distinct, so that no person 
        should exercise the powers of more than one of them at the same time. 
        BUT NO BARRIER WAS PROVIDED BETWEEN THESE SEVERAL POWERS. The judiciary 
        and the executive members were left dependent on the legislative for their 
        subsistence in office, and some of them for their continuance in it. If, 
        therefore, the legislature assumes executive and judiciary powers, no 
        opposition is likely to be made; nor, if made, can be effectual; because 
        in that case they may put their proceedings into the form of acts of Assembly, 
        which will render them obligatory on the other branches. They have accordingly, 
        IN MANY instances, DECIDED RIGHTS which should have been left to JUDICIARY 
        CONTROVERSY, and THE DIRECTION OF THE EXECUTIVE, DURING THE WHOLE TIME 
        OF THEIR SESSION, IS BECOMING HABITUAL AND FAMILIAR. "The other State 
        which I shall take for an example is Pennsylvania; and the other authority, 
        the Council of Censors, which assembled in the years 1783 and 1784. A 
        part of the duty of this body, as marked out by the constitution, was 
        "to inquire whether the constitution had been preserved inviolate in 
        every part; and whether the legislative and executive branches of government 
        had performed their duty as guardians of the people, or assumed to themselves, 
        or exercised, other or greater powers than they are entitled to by the 
        constitution. " In the execution of this trust, the council were necessarily 
        led to a comparison of both the legislative and executive proceedings, 
        with the constitutional powers of these departments; and from the facts 
        enumerated, and to the truth of most of which both sides in the council 
        subscribed, it appears that the constitution had been flagrantly violated 
        by the legislature in a variety of important instances. A great number 
        of laws had been passed, violating, without any apparent necessity, the 
        rule requiring that all bills of a public nature shall be previously printed 
        for the consideration of the people; although this is one of the precautions 
        chiefly relied on by the constitution against improper acts of legislature. 
        The constitutional trial by jury had been violated, and powers assumed 
        which had not been delegated by the constitution. Executive powers had been usurped. The salaries of the judges, which 
        the constitution expressly requires to be fixed, had been occasionally 
        varied; and cases belonging to the judiciary department frequently drawn 
        within legislative cognizance and determination. Those who wish to see 
        the several particulars falling under each of these heads, may consult 
        the journals of the council, which are in print. Some of them, it will 
        be found, may be imputable to peculiar circumstances connected with the 
        war; but the greater part of them may be considered as the spontaneous 
        shoots of an ill-constituted government. It appears, also, that the executive 
        department had not been innocent of frequent breaches of the constitution. 
        There are three observations, however, which ought to be made on this 
        head: FIRST, a great proportion of the instances were either immediately 
        produced by the necessities of the war, or recommended by Congress or 
        the commander-in-chief; SECONDLY, in most of the other instances, they 
        conformed either to the declared or the known sentiments of the legislative 
        department; THIRDLY, the executive department of Pennsylvania is distinguished 
        from that of the other States by the number of members composing it. In 
        this respect, it has as much affinity to a legislative assembly as to 
        an executive council. And being at once exempt from the restraint of an 
        individual responsibility for the acts of the body, and deriving confidence 
        from mutual example and joint influence, unauthorized measures would, 
        of course, be more freely hazarded, than where the executive department 
        is administered by a single hand, or by a few hands. The conclusion which I am warranted in drawing from these observations 
        is, that a mere demarcation on parchment of the constitutional limits 
        of the several departments, is not a sufficient guard against those encroachments 
        which lead to a tyrannical concentration of all the powers of government 
        in the same hands. 
