FROM the more general inquiries pursued in the four last papers, I pass 
        on to a more particular examination of the several parts of the government. 
        I shall begin with the House of Representatives. The first view to be 
        taken of this part of the government relates to the qualifications of 
        the electors and the elected. Those of the former are to be the same with 
        those of the electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures. The definition of the right of suffrage is very justly regarded as a 
        fundamental article of republican government. It was incumbent on the 
        convention, therefore, to define and establish this right in the Constitution. 
        To have left it open for the occasional regulation of the Congress, would 
        have been improper for the reason just mentioned. To have submitted it 
        to the legislative discretion of the States, would have been improper 
        for the same reason; and for the additional reason that it would have 
        rendered too dependent on the State governments that branch of the federal 
        government which ought to be dependent on the people alone. To have reduced 
        the different qualifications in the different States to one uniform rule, 
        would probably have been as dissatisfactory to some of the States as it 
        would have been difficult to the convention. The provision made by the 
        convention appears, therefore, to be the best that lay within their option. It must be satisfactory to every State, because it is conformable to 
        the standard already established, or which may be established, by the 
        State itself. It will be safe to the United States, because, being fixed 
        by the State constitutions, it is not alterable by the State governments, 
        and it cannot be feared that the people of the States will alter this 
        part of their constitutions in such a manner as to abridge the rights 
        secured to them by the federal Constitution. The qualifications of the 
        elected, being less carefully and properly defined by the State constitutions, 
        and being at the same time more susceptible of uniformity, have been very 
        properly considered and regulated by the convention. A representative 
        of the United States must be of the age of twenty-five years; must have 
        been seven years a citizen of the United States; must, at the time of 
        his election, be an inhabitant of the State he is to represent; and, during 
        the time of his service, must be in no office under the United States. 
        Under these reasonable limitations, the door of this part of the federal 
        government is open to merit of every description, whether native or adoptive, 
        whether young or old, and without regard to poverty or wealth, or to any 
        particular profession of religious faith. The term for which the representatives 
        are to be elected falls under a second view which may be taken of this 
        branch. In order to decide on the propriety of this article, two questions 
        must be considered: first, whether biennial elections will, in this case, 
        be safe; secondly, whether they be necessary or useful. First. As it is 
        essential to liberty that the government in general should have a common 
        interest with the people, so it is particularly essential that the branch 
        of it under consideration should have an immediate dependence on, and 
        an intimate sympathy with, the people. Frequent elections are unquestionably 
        the only policy by which this dependence and sympathy can be effectually 
        secured. But what particular degree of frequency may be absolutely necessary 
        for the purpose, does not appear to be susceptible of any precise calculation, 
        and must depend on a variety of circumstances with which it may be connected. 
        Let us consult experience, the guide that ought always to be followed 
        whenever it can be found. The scheme of representation, as a substitute 
        for a meeting of the citizens in person, being at most but very imperfectly 
        known to ancient polity, it is in more modern times only that we are to 
        expect instructive examples. And even here, in order to avoid a research 
        too vague and diffusive, it will be proper to confine ourselves to the 
        few examples which are best known, and which bear the greatest analogy 
        to our particular case. The first to which this character ought to be 
        applied, is the House of Commons in Great Britain. The history of this 
        branch of the English Constitution, anterior to the date of Magna Charta, 
        is too obscure to yield instruction. The very existence of it has been 
        made a question among political antiquaries. The earliest records of subsequent 
        date prove that parliaments were to SIT only every year; not that they 
        were to be ELECTED every year. And even these annual sessions were left 
        so much at the discretion of the monarch, that, under various pretexts, 
        very long and dangerous intermissions were often contrived by royal ambition. 
        To remedy this grievance, it was provided by a statute in the reign of 
        Charles II. , that the intermissions should not be protracted beyond a 
        period of three years. On the accession of William III. , when a revolution 
        took place in the government, the subject was still more seriously resumed, 
        and it was declared to be among the fundamental rights of the people that 
        parliaments ought to be held FREQUENTLY. By another statute, which passed 
        a few years later in the same reign, the term "frequently," which had 
        alluded to the triennial period settled in the time of Charles II. , is 
        reduced to a precise meaning, it being expressly enacted that a new parliament 
        shall be called within three years after the termination of the former. 
        The last change, from three to seven years, is well known to have been 
        introduced pretty early in the present century, under on alarm for the 
        Hanoverian succession. From these facts it appears that the greatest frequency 
        of elections which has been deemed necessary in that kingdom, for binding 
        the representatives to their constituents, does not exceed a triennial 
        return of them. And if we may argue from the degree of liberty retained 
        even under septennial elections, and all the other vicious ingredients 
        in the parliamentary constitution, we cannot doubt that a reduction of 
        the period from seven to three years, with the other necessary reforms, 
        would so far extend the influence of the people over their representatives 
        as to satisfy us that biennial elections, under the federal system, cannot 
        possibly be dangerous to the requisite dependence of the House of Representatives 
        on their constituents. Elections in Ireland, till of late, were regulated 
        entirely by the discretion of the crown, and were seldom repeated, except 
        on the accession of a new prince, or some other contingent event. The 
        parliament which commenced with George II. was continued throughout his 
        whole reign, a period of about thirty-five years. The only dependence 
        of the representatives on the people consisted in the right of the latter 
        to supply occasional vacancies by the election of new members, and in 
        the chance of some event which might produce a general new election. The ability also of the Irish parliament to maintain the rights of their 
        constituents, so far as the disposition might exist, was extremely shackled 
        by the control of the crown over the subjects of their deliberation. Of 
        late these shackles, if I mistake not, have been broken; and octennial 
        parliaments have besides been established. What effect may be produced 
        by this partial reform, must be left to further experience. The example 
        of Ireland, from this view of it, can throw but little light on the subject. 
        As far as we can draw any conclusion from it, it must be that if the people 
        of that country have been able under all these disadvantages to retain 
        any liberty whatever, the advantage of biennial elections would secure 
        to them every degree of liberty, which might depend on a due connection 
        between their representatives and themselves. Let us bring our inquiries 
        nearer home. The example of these States, when British colonies, claims 
        particular attention, at the same time that it is so well known as to 
        require little to be said on it. The principle of representation, in one 
        branch of the legislature at least, was established in all of them. But 
        the periods of election were different. They varied from one to seven 
        years. Have we any reason to infer, from the spirit and conduct of the 
        representatives of the people, prior to the Revolution, that biennial 
        elections would have been dangerous to the public liberties? The spirit 
        which everywhere displayed itself at the commencement of the struggle, 
        and which vanquished the obstacles to independence, is the best of proofs 
        that a sufficient portion of liberty had been everywhere enjoyed to inspire 
        both a sense of its worth and a zeal for its proper enlargement This remark 
        holds good, as well with regard to the then colonies whose elections were 
        least frequent, as to those whose elections were most frequent Virginia 
        was the colony which stood first in resisting the parliamentary usurpations 
        of Great Britain; it was the first also in espousing, by public act, the 
        resolution of independence. In Virginia, nevertheless, if I have not been misinformed, elections 
        under the former government were septennial. This particular example is 
        brought into view, not as a proof of any peculiar merit, for the priority 
        in those instances was probably accidental; and still less of any advantage 
        in SEPTENNIAL elections, for when compared with a greater frequency they 
        are inadmissible; but merely as a proof, and I conceive it to be a very 
        substantial proof, that the liberties of the people can be in no danger 
        from BIENNIAL elections. The conclusion resulting from these examples 
        will be not a little strengthened by recollecting three circumstances. 
        The first is, that the federal legislature will possess a part only of 
        that supreme legislative authority which is vested completely in the British 
        Parliament; and which, with a few exceptions, was exercised by the colonial 
        assemblies and the Irish legislature. It is a received and well-founded 
        maxim, that where no other circumstances affect the case, the greater 
        the power is, the shorter ought to be its duration; and, conversely, the 
        smaller the power, the more safely may its duration be protracted. In 
        the second place, it has, on another occasion, been shown that the federal 
        legislature will not only be restrained by its dependence on its people, 
        as other legislative bodies are, but that it will be, moreover, watched 
        and controlled by the several collateral legislatures, which other legislative 
        bodies are not. And in the third place, no comparison can be made between 
        the means that will be possessed by the more permanent branches of the 
        federal government for seducing, if they should be disposed to seduce, 
        the House of Representatives from their duty to the people, and the means 
        of influence over the popular branch possessed by the other branches of 
        the government above cited. With less power, therefore, to abuse, the 
        federal representatives can be less tempted on one side, and will be doubly 
        watched on the other. 
