WE HAVE seen, that an uncontrollable power over the elections to the 
        federal government could not, without hazard, be committed to the State 
        legislatures. Let us now see, what would be the danger on the other side; 
        that is, from confiding the ultimate right of regulating its own elections 
        to the Union itself. It is not pretended, that this right would ever be 
        used for the exclusion of any State from its share in the representation. 
        The interest of all would, in this respect at least, be the security of 
        all. But it is alleged, that it might be employed in such a manner as 
        to promote the election of some favorite class of men in exclusion of 
        others, by confining the places of election to particular districts, and 
        rendering it impracticable to the citizens at large to partake in the 
        choice. Of all chimerical suppositions, this seems to be the most chimerical. 
        On the one hand, no rational calculation of probabilities would lead us 
        to imagine that the disposition which a conduct so violent and extraordinary 
        would imply, could ever find its way into the national councils; and on 
        the other, it may be concluded with certainty, that if so improper a spirit 
        should ever gain admittance into them, it would display itself in a form 
        altogether different and far more decisive. The improbability of the attempt may be satisfactorily inferred from 
        this single reflection, that it could never be made without causing an 
        immediate revolt of the great body of the people, headed and directed 
        by the State governments. It is not difficult to conceive that this characteristic 
        right of freedom may, in certain turbulent and factious seasons, be violated, 
        in respect to a particular class of citizens, by a victorious and overbearing 
        majority; but that so fundamental a privilege, in a country so situated 
        and enlightened, should be invaded to the prejudice of the great mass 
        of the people, by the deliberate policy of the government, without occasioning 
        a popular revolution, is altogether inconceivable and incredible. In addition to this general reflection, there are considerations of a 
        more precise nature, which forbid all apprehension on the subject. The 
        dissimilarity in the ingredients which will compose the national government, 
        and in still more in the manner in which they will be brought into action 
        in its various branches, must form a powerful obstacle to a concert of 
        views in any partial scheme of elections. There is sufficient diversity 
        in the state of property, in the genius, manners, and habits of the people 
        of the different parts of the Union, to occasion a material diversity 
        of disposition in their representatives towards the different ranks and 
        conditions in society. And though an intimate intercourse under the same 
        government will promote a gradual assimilation in some of these respects, 
        yet there are causes, as well physical as moral, which may, in a greater 
        or less degree, permanently nourish different propensities and inclinations 
        in this respect. But the circumstance which will be likely to have the 
        greatest influence in the matter, will be the dissimilar modes of constituting 
        the several component parts of the government. The House of Representatives 
        being to be elected immediately by the people, the Senate by the State 
        legislatures, the President by electors chosen for that purpose by the 
        people, there would be little probability of a common interest to cement 
        these different branches in a predilection for any particular class of 
        electors. As to the Senate, it is impossible that any regulation of "time and 
        manner," which is all that is proposed to be submitted to the national 
        government in respect to that body, can affect the spirit which will direct 
        the choice of its members. The collective sense of the State legislatures 
        can never be influenced by extraneous circumstances of that sort; a consideration 
        which alone ought to satisfy us that the discrimination apprehended would 
        never be attempted. For what inducement could the Senate have to concur 
        in a preference in which itself would not be included? Or to what purpose 
        would it be established, in reference to one branch of the legislature, 
        if it could not be extended to the other? The composition of the one would 
        in this case counteract that of the other. And we can never suppose that 
        it would embrace the appointments to the Senate, unless we can at the 
        same time suppose the voluntary co-operation of the State legislatures. 
        If we make the latter supposition, it then becomes immaterial where the 
        power in question is placed whether in their hands or in those of the 
        Union. But what is to be the object of this capricious partiality in the national 
        councils? Is it to be exercised in a discrimination between the different 
        departments of industry, or between the different kinds of property, or 
        between the different degrees of property? Will it lean in favor of the 
        landed interest, or the moneyed interest, or the mercantile interest, 
        or the manufacturing interest? Or, to speak in the fashionable language 
        of the adversaries to the Constitution, will it court the elevation of 
        "the wealthy and the well-born," to the exclusion and debasement of 
        all the rest of the society? If this partiality is to be exerted in favor of those who are concerned 
        in any particular description of industry or property, I presume it will 
        readily be admitted, that the competition for it will lie between landed 
        men and merchants. And I scruple not to affirm, that it is infinitely 
        less likely that either of them should gain an ascendant in the national 
        councils, than that the one or the other of them should predominate in 
        all the local councils. The inference will be, that a conduct tending 
        to give an undue preference to either is much less to be dreaded from 
        the former than from the latter. The several States are in various degrees addicted to agriculture and 
        commerce. In most, if not all of them, agriculture is predominant. In 
        a few of them, however, commerce nearly divides its empire, and in most 
        of them has a considerable share of influence. In proportion as either 
        prevails, it will be conveyed into the national representation; and for 
        the very reason, that this will be an emanation from a greater variety 
        of interests, and in much more various proportions, than are to be found 
        in any single State, it will be much less apt to espouse either of them 
        with a decided partiality, than the representation of any single State. In a country consisting chiefly of the cultivators of land, where the 
        rules of an equal representation obtain, the landed interest must, upon 
        the whole, preponderate in the government. As long as this interest prevails 
        in most of the State legislatures, so long it must maintain a correspondent 
        superiority in the national Senate, which will generally be a faithful 
        copy of the majorities of those assemblies. It cannot therefore be presumed, 
        that a sacrifice of the landed to the mercantile class will ever be a 
        favorite object of this branch of the federal legislature. In applying 
        thus particularly to the Senate a general observation suggested by the 
        situation of the country, I am governed by the consideration, that the 
        credulous votaries of State power cannot, upon their own principles, suspect, 
        that the State legislatures would be warped from their duty by any external 
        influence. But in reality the same situation must have the same effect, 
        in the primitive composition at least of the federal House of Representatives: 
        an improper bias towards the mercantile class is as little to be expected 
        from this quarter as from the other. In order, perhaps, to give countenance to the objection at any rate, 
        it may be asked, is there not danger of an opposite bias in the national 
        government, which may dispose it to endeavor to secure a monopoly of the 
        federal administration to the landed class? As there is little likelihood 
        that the supposition of such a bias will have any terrors for those who 
        would be immediately injured by it, a labored answer to this question 
        will be dispensed with. It will be sufficient to remark, first, that for 
        the reasons elsewhere assigned, it is less likely that any decided partiality 
        should prevail in the councils of the Union than in those of any of its 
        members. Secondly, that there would be no temptation to violate the Constitution 
        in favor of the landed class, because that class would, in the natural 
        course of things, enjoy as great a preponderancy as itself could desire. 
        And thirdly, that men accustomed to investigate the sources of public 
        prosperity upon a large scale, must be too well convinced of the utility 
        of commerce, to be inclined to inflict upon it so deep a wound as would 
        result from the entire exclusion of those who would best understand its 
        interest from a share in the management of them. The importance of commerce, 
        in the view of revenue alone, must effectually guard it against the enmity 
        of a body which would be continually importuned in its favor, by the urgent 
        calls of public necessity. I the rather consult brevity in discussing the probability of a preference 
        founded upon a discrimination between the different kinds of industry 
        and property, because, as far as I understand the meaning of the objectors, 
        they contemplate a discrimination of another kind. They appear to have 
        in view, as the objects of the preference with which they endeavor to 
        alarm us, those whom they designate by the description of "the wealthy 
        and the well-born." These, it seems, are to be exalted to an odious pre-eminence 
        over the rest of their fellow-citizens. At one time, however, their elevation 
        is to be a necessary consequence of the smallness of the representative 
        body; at another time it is to be effected by depriving the people at 
        large of the opportunity of exercising their right of suffrage in the 
        choice of that body. But upon what principle is the discrimination of the places of election 
        to be made, in order to answer the purpose of the meditated preference? 
        Are "the wealthy and the well-born," as they are called, confined to 
        particular spots in the several States? Have they, by some miraculous 
        instinct or foresight, set apart in each of them a common place of residence? 
        Are they only to be met with in the towns or cities? Or are they, on the 
        contrary, scattered over the face of the country as avarice or chance 
        may have happened to cast their own lot or that of their predecessors? 
        If the latter is the case, (as every intelligent man knows it to be, [1] 
        ) is it not evident that the policy of confining the places of election 
        to particular districts would be as subversive of its own aim as it would 
        be exceptionable on every other account? The truth is, that there is no 
        method of securing to the rich the preference apprehended, but by prescribing 
        qualifications of property either for those who may elect or be elected. 
        But this forms no part of the power to be conferred upon the national 
        government. Its authority would be expressly restricted to the regulation 
        of the TIMES, the PLACES, the MANNER of elections. The qualifications 
        of the persons who may choose or be chosen, as has been remarked upon 
        other occasions, are defined and fixed in the Constitution, and are unalterable 
        by the legislature. Let it, however, be admitted, for argument sake, that the expedient suggested 
        might be successful; and let it at the same time be equally taken for 
        granted that all the scruples which a sense of duty or an apprehension 
        of the danger of the experiment might inspire, were overcome in the breasts 
        of the national rulers, still I imagine it will hardly be pretended that 
        they could ever hope to carry such an enterprise into execution without 
        the aid of a military force sufficient to subdue the resistance of the 
        great body of the people. The improbability of the existence of a force 
        equal to that object has been discussed and demonstrated in different 
        parts of these papers; but that the futility of the objection under consideration 
        may appear in the strongest light, it shall be conceded for a moment that 
        such a force might exist, and the national government shall be supposed 
        to be in the actual possession of it. What will be the conclusion? With 
        a disposition to invade the essential rights of the community, and with 
        the means of gratifying that disposition, is it presumable that the persons 
        who were actuated by it would amuse themselves in the ridiculous task 
        of fabricating election laws for securing a preference to a favorite class 
        of men? Would they not be likely to prefer a conduct better adapted to 
        their own immediate aggrandizement? Would they not rather boldly resolve 
        to perpetuate themselves in office by one decisive act of usurpation, 
        than to trust to precarious expedients which, in spite of all the precautions 
        that might accompany them, might terminate in the dismission, disgrace, 
        and ruin of their authors? Would they not fear that citizens, not less 
        tenacious than conscious of their rights, would flock from the remote 
        extremes of their respective States to the places of election, to overthrow 
        their tyrants, and to substitute men who would be disposed to avenge the 
        violated majesty of the people? 
