THE more candid opposers of the provision respecting elections, contained 
        in the plan of the convention, when pressed in argument, will sometimes 
        concede the propriety of that provision; with this qualification, however, 
        that it ought to have been accompanied with a declaration, that all elections 
        should be had in the counties where the electors resided. This, say they, 
        was a necessary precaution against an abuse of the power. A declaration 
        of this nature would certainly have been harmless; so far as it would 
        have had the effect of quieting apprehensions, it might not have been 
        undesirable. But it would, in fact, have afforded little or no additional 
        security against the danger apprehended; and the want of it will never 
        be considered, by an impartial and judicious examiner, as a serious, still 
        less as an insuperable, objection to the plan. The different views taken 
        of the subject in the two preceding papers must be sufficient to satisfy 
        all dispassionate and discerning men, that if the public liberty should 
        ever be the victim of the ambition of the national rulers, the power under 
        examination, at least, will be guiltless of the sacrifice. If those who are inclined to consult their jealousy only, would exercise 
        it in a careful inspection of the several State constitutions, they would 
        find little less room for disquietude and alarm, from the latitude which 
        most of them allow in respect to elections, than from the latitude which 
        is proposed to be allowed to the national government in the same respect. 
        A review of their situation, in this particular, would tend greatly to 
        remove any ill impressions which may remain in regard to this matter. 
        But as that view would lead into long and tedious details, I shall content 
        myself with the single example of the State in which I write. The constitution 
        of New York makes no other provision for LOCALITY of elections, than that 
        the members of the Assembly shall be elected in the COUNTIES; those of 
        the Senate, in the great districts into which the State is or may be divided: 
        these at present are four in number, and comprehend each from two to six 
        counties. It may readily be perceived that it would not be more difficult 
        to the legislature of New York to defeat the suffrages of the citizens 
        of New York, by confining elections to particular places, than for the 
        legislature of the United States to defeat the suffrages of the citizens 
        of the Union, by the like expedient. Suppose, for instance, the city of 
        Albany was to be appointed the sole place of election for the county and 
        district of which it is a part, would not the inhabitants of that city 
        speedily become the only electors of the members both of the Senate and 
        Assembly for that county and district? Can we imagine that the electors 
        who reside in the remote subdivisions of the counties of Albany, Saratoga, 
        Cambridge, etc., or in any part of the county of Montgomery, would take 
        the trouble to come to the city of Albany, to give their votes for members 
        of the Assembly or Senate, sooner than they would repair to the city of 
        New York, to participate in the choice of the members of the federal House 
        of Representatives? The alarming indifference discoverable in the exercise 
        of so invaluable a privilege under the existing laws, which afford every 
        facility to it, furnishes a ready answer to this question. And, abstracted 
        from any experience on the subject, we can be at no loss to determine, 
        that when the place of election is at an INCONVENIENT DISTANCE from the 
        elector, the effect upon his conduct will be the same whether that distance 
        be twenty miles or twenty thousand miles. Hence it must appear, that objections 
        to the particular modification of the federal power of regulating elections 
        will, in substance, apply with equal force to the modification of the 
        like power in the constitution of this State; and for this reason it will 
        be impossible to acquit the one, and to condemn the other. A similar comparison 
        would lead to the same conclusion in respect to the constitutions of most 
        of the other States. If it should be said that defects in the State constitutions furnish 
        no apology for those which are to be found in the plan proposed, I answer, 
        that as the former have never been thought chargeable with inattention 
        to the security of liberty, where the imputations thrown on the latter 
        can be shown to be applicable to them also, the presumption is that they 
        are rather the cavilling refinements of a predetermined opposition, than 
        the well-founded inferences of a candid research after truth. To those 
        who are disposed to consider, as innocent omissions in the State constitutions, 
        what they regard as unpardonable blemishes in the plan of the convention, 
        nothing can be said; or at most, they can only be asked to assign some 
        substantial reason why the representatives of the people in a single State 
        should be more impregnable to the lust of power, or other sinister motives, 
        than the representatives of the people of the United States? If they cannot 
        do this, they ought at least to prove to us that it is easier to subvert 
        the liberties of three millions of people, with the advantage of local 
        governments to head their opposition, than of two hundred thousand people 
        who are destitute of that advantage. And in relation to the point immediately 
        under consideration, they ought to convince us that it is less probable 
        that a predominant faction in a single State should, in order to maintain 
        its superiority, incline to a preference of a particular class of electors, 
        than that a similar spirit should take possession of the representatives 
        of thirteen States, spread over a vast region, and in several respects 
        distinguishable from each other by a diversity of local circumstances, 
        prejudices, and interests. Hitherto my observations have only aimed at a vindication of the provision 
        in question, on the ground of theoretic propriety, on that of the danger 
        of placing the power elsewhere, and on that of the safety of placing it 
        in the manner proposed. But there remains to be mentioned a positive advantage 
        which will result from this disposition, and which could not as well have 
        been obtained from any other: I allude to the circumstance of uniformity 
        in the time of elections for the federal House of Representatives. It 
        is more than possible that this uniformity may be found by experience 
        to be of great importance to the public welfare, both as a security against 
        the perpetuation of the same spirit in the body, and as a cure for the 
        diseases of faction. If each State may choose its own time of election, 
        it is possible there may be at least as many different periods as there 
        are months in the year. The times of election in the several States, as 
        they are now established for local purposes, vary between extremes as 
        wide as March and November. The consequence of this diversity would be 
        that there could never happen a total dissolution or renovation of the 
        body at one time. If an improper spirit of any kind should happen to prevail 
        in it, that spirit would be apt to infuse itself into the new members, 
        as they come forward in succession. The mass would be likely to remain 
        nearly the same, assimilating constantly to itself its gradual accretions. 
        There is a contagion in example which few men have sufficient force of 
        mind to resist. I am inclined to think that treble the duration in office, 
        with the condition of a total dissolution of the body at the same time, 
        might be less formidable to liberty than one third of that duration subject 
        to gradual and successive alterations. Uniformity in the time of elections seems not less requisite for executing 
        the idea of a regular rotation in the Senate, and for conveniently assembling 
        the legislature at a stated period in each year. It may be asked, Why, then, could not a time have been fixed in the Constitution? 
        As the most zealous adversaries of the plan of the convention in this 
        State are, in general, not less zealous admirers of the constitution of 
        the State, the question may be retorted, and it may be asked, Why was 
        not a time for the like purpose fixed in the constitution of this State? 
        No better answer can be given than that it was a matter which might safely 
        be entrusted to legislative discretion; and that if a time had been appointed, 
        it might, upon experiment, have been found less convenient than some other 
        time. The same answer may be given to the question put on the other side. 
        And it may be added that the supposed danger of a gradual change being 
        merely speculative, it would have been hardly advisable upon that speculation 
        to establish, as a fundamental point, what would deprive several States 
        of the convenience of having the elections for their own governments and 
        for the national government at the same epochs. 
