A FIFTH desideratum, illustrating the utility of a senate, is the want 
        of a due sense of national character. Without a select and stable member 
        of the government, the esteem of foreign powers will not only be forfeited 
        by an unenlightened and variable policy, proceeding from the causes already 
        mentioned, but the national councils will not possess that sensibility 
        to the opinion of the world, which is perhaps not less necessary in order 
        to merit, than it is to obtain, its respect and confidence. An attention to the judgment of other nations is important to every government 
        for two reasons: the one is, that, independently of the merits of any 
        particular plan or measure, it is desirable, on various accounts, that 
        it should appear to other nations as the offspring of a wise and honorable 
        policy; the second is, that in doubtful cases, particularly where the 
        national councils may be warped by some strong passion or momentary interest, 
        the presumed or known opinion of the impartial world may be the best guide 
        that can be followed. What has not America lost by her want of character 
        with foreign nations; and how many errors and follies would she not have 
        avoided, if the justice and propriety of her measures had, in every instance, 
        been previously tried by the light in which they would probably appear 
        to the unbiased part of mankind? Yet however requisite a sense of national character may be, it is evident 
        that it can never be sufficiently possessed by a numerous and changeable 
        body. It can only be found in a number so small that a sensible degree 
        of the praise and blame of public measures may be the portion of each 
        individual; or in an assembly so durably invested with public trust, that 
        the pride and consequence of its members may be sensibly incorporated 
        with the reputation and prosperity of the community. The half-yearly representatives 
        of Rhode Island would probably have been little affected in their deliberations 
        on the iniquitous measures of that State, by arguments drawn from the 
        light in which such measures would be viewed by foreign nations, or even 
        by the sister States; whilst it can scarcely be doubted that if the concurrence 
        of a select and stable body had been necessary, a regard to national character 
        alone would have prevented the calamities under which that misguided people 
        is now laboring. I add, as a SIXTH defect the want, in some important cases, of a due 
        responsibility in the government to the people, arising from that frequency 
        of elections which in other cases produces this responsibility. This remark 
        will, perhaps, appear not only new, but paradoxical. It must nevertheless 
        be acknowledged, when explained, to be as undeniable as it is important. Responsibility, in order to be reasonable, must be limited to objects 
        within the power of the responsible party, and in order to be effectual, 
        must relate to operations of that power, of which a ready and proper judgment 
        can be formed by the constituents. The objects of government may be divided 
        into two general classes: the one depending on measures which have singly 
        an immediate and sensible operation; the other depending on a succession 
        of well-chosen and well-connected measures, which have a gradual and perhaps 
        unobserved operation. The importance of the latter description to the 
        collective and permanent welfare of every country, needs no explanation. 
        And yet it is evident that an assembly elected for so short a term as 
        to be unable to provide more than one or two links in a chain of measures, 
        on which the general welfare may essentially depend, ought not to be answerable 
        for the final result, any more than a steward or tenant, engaged for one 
        year, could be justly made to answer for places or improvements which 
        could not be accomplished in less than half a dozen years. Nor is it possible 
        for the people to estimate the SHARE of influence which their annual assemblies 
        may respectively have on events resulting from the mixed transactions 
        of several years. It is sufficiently difficult to preserve a personal 
        responsibility in the members of a NUMEROUS body, for such acts of the 
        body as have an immediate, detached, and palpable operation on its constituents. The proper remedy for this defect must be an additional body in the legislative 
        department, which, having sufficient permanency to provide for such objects 
        as require a continued attention, and a train of measures, may be justly 
        and effectually answerable for the attainment of those objects. Thus far I have considered the circumstances which point out the necessity 
        of a well-constructed Senate only as they relate to the representatives 
        of the people. To a people as little blinded by prejudice or corrupted 
        by flattery as those whom I address, I shall not scruple to add, that 
        such an institution may be sometimes necessary as a defense to the people 
        against their own temporary errors and delusions. As the cool and deliberate 
        sense of the community ought, in all governments, and actually will, in 
        all free governments, ultimately prevail over the views of its rulers; 
        so there are particular moments in public affairs when the people, stimulated 
        by some irregular passion, or some illicit advantage, or misled by the 
        artful misrepresentations of interested men, may call for measures which 
        they themselves will afterwards be the most ready to lament and condemn. 
        In these critical moments, how salutary will be the interference of some 
        temperate and respectable body of citizens, in order to check the misguided 
        career, and to suspend the blow meditated by the people against themselves, 
        until reason, justice, and truth can regain their authority over the public 
        mind? What bitter anguish would not the people of Athens have often escaped 
        if their government had contained so provident a safeguard against the 
        tyranny of their own passions? Popular liberty might then have escaped 
        the indelible reproach of decreeing to the same citizens the hemlock on 
        one day and statues on the next. It may be suggested, that a people spread over an extensive region cannot, 
        like the crowded inhabitants of a small district, be subject to the infection 
        of violent passions, or to the danger of combining in pursuit of unjust 
        measures. I am far from denying that this is a distinction of peculiar 
        importance. I have, on the contrary, endeavored in a former paper to show, 
        that it is one of the principal recommendations of a confederated republic. 
        At the same time, this advantage ought not to be considered as superseding 
        the use of auxiliary precautions. It may even be remarked, that the same 
        extended situation, which will exempt the people of America from some 
        of the dangers incident to lesser republics, will expose them to the inconveniency 
        of remaining for a longer time under the influence of those misrepresentations 
        which the combined industry of interested men may succeed in distributing 
        among them. It adds no small weight to all these considerations, to recollect that 
        history informs us of no long-lived republic which had not a senate. Sparta, 
        Rome, and Carthage are, in fact, the only states to whom that character 
        can be applied. In each of the two first there was a senate for life. 
        The constitution of the senate in the last is less known. Circumstantial 
        evidence makes it probable that it was not different in this particular 
        from the two others. It is at least certain, that it had some quality 
        or other which rendered it an anchor against popular fluctuations; and 
        that a smaller council, drawn out of the senate, was appointed not only 
        for life, but filled up vacancies itself. These examples, though as unfit 
        for the imitation, as they are repugnant to the genius, of America, are, 
        notwithstanding, when compared with the fugitive and turbulent existence 
        of other ancient republics, very instructive proofs of the necessity of 
        some institution that will blend stability with liberty. I am not unaware 
        of the circumstances which distinguish the American from other popular 
        governments, as well ancient as modern; and which render extreme circumspection 
        necessary, in reasoning from the one case to the other. But after allowing 
        due weight to this consideration, it may still be maintained, that there 
        are many points of similitude which render these examples not unworthy 
        of our attention. Many of the defects, as we have seen, which can only 
        be supplied by a senatorial institution, are common to a numerous assembly 
        frequently elected by the people, and to the people themselves. There 
        are others peculiar to the former, which require the control of such an 
        institution. The people can never wilfully betray their own interests; 
        but they may possibly be betrayed by the representatives of the people; 
        and the danger will be evidently greater where the whole legislative trust 
        is lodged in the hands of one body of men, than where the concurrence 
        of separate and dissimilar bodies is required in every public act. The difference most relied on, between the American and other republics, 
        consists in the principle of representation; which is the pivot on which 
        the former move, and which is supposed to have been unknown to the latter, 
        or at least to the ancient part of them. The use which has been made of 
        this difference, in reasonings contained in former papers, will have shown 
        that I am disposed neither to deny its existence nor to undervalue its 
        importance. I feel the less restraint, therefore, in observing, that the 
        position concerning the ignorance of the ancient governments on the subject 
        of representation, is by no means precisely true in the latitude commonly 
        given to it. Without entering into a disquisition which here would be 
        misplaced, I will refer to a few known facts, in support of what I advance. In the most pure democracies of Greece, many of the executive functions 
        were performed, not by the people themselves, but by officers elected 
        by the people, and REPRESENTING the people in their EXECUTIVE capacity. Prior to the reform of Solon, Athens was governed by nine Archons, annually 
        ELECTED BY THE PEOPLE AT LARGE. The degree of power delegated to them 
        seems to be left in great obscurity. Subsequent to that period, we find 
        an assembly, first of four, and afterwards of six hundred members, annually 
        ELECTED BY THE PEOPLE; and PARTIALLY representing them in their LEGISLATIVE 
        capacity, since they were not only associated with the people in the function 
        of making laws, but had the exclusive right of originating legislative 
        propositions to the people. The senate of Carthage, also, whatever might 
        be its power, or the duration of its appointment, appears to have been 
        ELECTIVE by the suffrages of the people. Similar instances might be traced 
        in most, if not all the popular governments of antiquity. Lastly, in Sparta we meet with the Ephori, and in Rome with the Tribunes; 
        two bodies, small indeed in numbers, but annually ELECTED BY THE WHOLE 
        BODY OF THE PEOPLE, and considered as the REPRESENTATIVES of the people, 
        almost in their PLENIPOTENTIARY capacity. The Cosmi of Crete were also 
        annually ELECTED BY THE PEOPLE, and have been considered by some authors 
        as an institution analogous to those of Sparta and Rome, with this difference 
        only, that in the election of that representative body the right of suffrage 
        was communicated to a part only of the people. From these facts, to which many others might be added, it is clear that 
        the principle of representation was neither unknown to the ancients nor 
        wholly overlooked in their political constitutions. The true distinction 
        between these and the American governments, lies IN THE TOTAL EXCLUSION 
        OF THE PEOPLE, IN THEIR COLLECTIVE CAPACITY, from any share in the LATTER, 
        and not in the TOTAL EXCLUSION OF THE REPRESENTATIVES OF THE PEOPLE from 
        the administration of the FORMER. The distinction, however, thus qualified, 
        must be admitted to leave a most advantageous superiority in favor of 
        the United States. But to insure to this advantage its full effect, we 
        must be careful not to separate it from the other advantage, of an extensive 
        territory. For it cannot be believed, that any form of representative 
        government could have succeeded within the narrow limits occupied by the 
        democracies of Greece. In answer to all these arguments, suggested by reason, illustrated by 
        examples, and enforced by our own experience, the jealous adversary of 
        the Constitution will probably content himself with repeating, that a 
        senate appointed not immediately by the people, and for the term of six 
        years, must gradually acquire a dangerous pre-eminence in the government, 
        and finally transform it into a tyrannical aristocracy. To this general answer, the general reply ought to be sufficient, that 
        liberty may be endangered by the abuses of liberty as well as by the abuses 
        of power; that there are numerous instances of the former as well as of 
        the latter; and that the former, rather than the latter, are apparently 
        most to be apprehended by the United States. But a more particular reply 
        may be given. Before such a revolution can be effected, the Senate, it is to be observed, 
        must in the first place corrupt itself; must next corrupt the State legislatures; 
        must then corrupt the House of Representatives; and must finally corrupt 
        the people at large. It is evident that the Senate must be first corrupted 
        before it can attempt an establishment of tyranny. Without corrupting 
        the State legislatures, it cannot prosecute the attempt, because the periodical 
        change of members would otherwise regenerate the whole body. Without exerting 
        the means of corruption with equal success on the House of Representatives, 
        the opposition of that coequal branch of the government would inevitably 
        defeat the attempt; and without corrupting the people themselves, a succession 
        of new representatives would speedily restore all things to their pristine 
        order. Is there any man who can seriously persuade himself that the proposed 
        Senate can, by any possible means within the compass of human address, 
        arrive at the object of a lawless ambition, through all these obstructions? If reason condemns the suspicion, the same sentence is pronounced by 
        experience. The constitution of Maryland furnishes the most apposite example. 
        The Senate of that State is elected, as the federal Senate will be, indirectly 
        by the people, and for a term less by one year only than the federal Senate. 
        It is distinguished, also, by the remarkable prerogative of filling up 
        its own vacancies within the term of its appointment, and, at the same 
        time, is not under the control of any such rotation as is provided for 
        the federal Senate. There are some other lesser distinctions, which would 
        expose the former to colorable objections, that do not lie against the 
        latter. If the federal Senate, therefore, really contained the danger 
        which has been so loudly proclaimed, some symptoms at least of a like 
        danger ought by this time to have been betrayed by the Senate of Maryland, 
        but no such symptoms have appeared. On the contrary, the jealousies at 
        first entertained by men of the same description with those who view with 
        terror the correspondent part of the federal Constitution, have been gradually 
        extinguished by the progress of the experiment; and the Maryland constitution 
        is daily deriving, from the salutary operation of this part of it, a reputation 
        in which it will probably not be rivalled by that of any State in the 
        Union. But if any thing could silence the jealousies on this subject, it ought 
        to be the British example. The Senate there instead of being elected for 
        a term of six years, and of being unconfined to particular families or 
        fortunes, is an hereditary assembly of opulent nobles. The House of Representatives, 
        instead of being elected for two years, and by the whole body of the people, 
        is elected for seven years, and, in very great proportion, by a very small 
        proportion of the people. Here, unquestionably, ought to be seen in full 
        display the aristocratic usurpations and tyranny which are at some future 
        period to be exemplified in the United States. Unfortunately, however, 
        for the anti-federal argument, the British history informs us that this 
        hereditary assembly has not been able to defend itself against the continual 
        encroachments of the House of Representatives; and that it no sooner lost 
        the support of the monarch, than it was actually crushed by the weight 
        of the popular branch. As far as antiquity can instruct us on this subject, its examples support 
        the reasoning which we have employed. In Sparta, the Ephori, the annual 
        representatives of the people, were found an overmatch for the senate 
        for life, continually gained on its authority and finally drew all power 
        into their own hands. The Tribunes of Rome, who were the representatives 
        of the people, prevailed, it is well known, in almost every contest with 
        the senate for life, and in the end gained the most complete triumph over 
        it. The fact is the more remarkable, as unanimity was required in every 
        act of the Tribunes, even after their number was augmented to ten. It 
        proves the irresistible force possessed by that branch of a free government, 
        which has the people on its side. To these examples might be added that 
        of Carthage, whose senate, according to the testimony of Polybius, instead 
        of drawing all power into its vortex, had, at the commencement of the 
        second Punic War, lost almost the whole of its original portion. Besides the conclusive evidence resulting from this assemblage of facts, 
        that the federal Senate will never be able to transform itself, by gradual 
        usurpations, into an independent and aristocratic body, we are warranted 
        in believing, that if such a revolution should ever happen from causes 
        which the foresight of man cannot guard against, the House of Representatives, 
        with the people on their side, will at all times be able to bring back 
        the Constitution to its primitive form and principles. Against the force 
        of the immediate representatives of the people, nothing will be able to 
        maintain even the constitutional authority of the Senate, but such a display 
        of enlightened policy, and attachment to the public good, as will divide 
        with that branch of the legislature the affections and support of the 
        entire body of the people themselves. 
