DURATION in office has been mentioned as the second requisite to the 
        energy of the Executive authority. This has relation to two objects: to 
        the personal firmness of the executive magistrate, in the employment of 
        his constitutional powers; and to the stability of the system of administration 
        which may have been adopted under his auspices. With regard to the first, 
        it must be evident, that the longer the duration in office, the greater 
        will be the probability of obtaining so important an advantage. It is 
        a general principle of human nature, that a man will be interested in 
        whatever he possesses, in proportion to the firmness or precariousness 
        of the tenure by which he holds it; will be less attached to what he holds 
        by a momentary or uncertain title, than to what he enjoys by a durable 
        or certain title; and, of course, will be willing to risk more for the 
        sake of the one, than for the sake of the other. This remark is not less 
        applicable to a political privilege, or honor, or trust, than to any article 
        of ordinary property. The inference from it is, that a man acting in the 
        capacity of chief magistrate, under a consciousness that in a very short 
        time he MUST lay down his office, will be apt to feel himself too little 
        interested in it to hazard any material censure or perplexity, from the 
        independent exertion of his powers, or from encountering the ill-humors, 
        however transient, which may happen to prevail, either in a considerable 
        part of the society itself, or even in a predominant faction in the legislative 
        body. If the case should only be, that he MIGHT lay it down, unless continued 
        by a new choice, and if he should be desirous of being continued, his 
        wishes, conspiring with his fears, would tend still more powerfully to 
        corrupt his integrity, or debase his fortitude. In either case, feebleness 
        and irresolution must be the characteristics of the station. There are some who would be inclined to regard the servile pliancy of 
        the Executive to a prevailing current, either in the community or in the 
        legislature, as its best recommendation. But such men entertain very crude 
        notions, as well of the purposes for which government was instituted, 
        as of the true means by which the public happiness may be promoted. The 
        republican principle demands that the deliberate sense of the community 
        should govern the conduct of those to whom they intrust the management 
        of their affairs; but it does not require an unqualified complaisance 
        to every sudden breeze of passion, or to every transient impulse which 
        the people may receive from the arts of men, who flatter their prejudices 
        to betray their interests. It is a just observation, that the people commonly 
        INTEND the PUBLIC GOOD. This often applies to their very errors. But their 
        good sense would despise the adulator who should pretend that they always 
        REASON RIGHT about the MEANS of promoting it. They know from experience 
        that they sometimes err; and the wonder is that they so seldom err as 
        they do, beset, as they continually are, by the wiles of parasites and 
        sycophants, by the snares of the ambitious, the avaricious, the desperate, 
        by the artifices of men who possess their confidence more than they deserve 
        it, and of those who seek to possess rather than to deserve it. When occasions 
        present themselves, in which the interests of the people are at variance 
        with their inclinations, it is the duty of the persons whom they have 
        appointed to be the guardians of those interests, to withstand the temporary 
        delusion, in order to give them time and opportunity for more cool and 
        sedate reflection. Instances might be cited in which a conduct of this 
        kind has saved the people from very fatal consequences of their own mistakes, 
        and has procured lasting monuments of their gratitude to the men who had 
        courage and magnanimity enough to serve them at the peril of their displeasure. But however inclined we might be to insist upon an unbounded complaisance 
        in the Executive to the inclinations of the people, we can with no propriety 
        contend for a like complaisance to the humors of the legislature. The 
        latter may sometimes stand in opposition to the former, and at other times 
        the people may be entirely neutral. In either supposition, it is certainly 
        desirable that the Executive should be in a situation to dare to act his 
        own opinion with vigor and decision. The same rule which teaches the propriety of a partition between the 
        various branches of power, teaches us likewise that this partition ought 
        to be so contrived as to render the one independent of the other. To what 
        purpose separate the executive or the judiciary from the legislative, 
        if both the executive and the judiciary are so constituted as to be at 
        the absolute devotion of the legislative? Such a separation must be merely 
        nominal, and incapable of producing the ends for which it was established. 
        It is one thing to be subordinate to the laws, and another to be dependent 
        on the legislative body. The first comports with, the last violates, the 
        fundamental principles of good government; and, whatever may be the forms 
        of the Constitution, unites all power in the same hands. The tendency 
        of the legislative authority to absorb every other, has been fully displayed 
        and illustrated by examples in some preceding numbers. In governments 
        purely republican, this tendency is almost irresistible. The representatives 
        of the people, in a popular assembly, seem sometimes to fancy that they 
        are the people themselves, and betray strong symptoms of impatience and 
        disgust at the least sign of opposition from any other quarter; as if 
        the exercise of its rights, by either the executive or judiciary, were 
        a breach of their privilege and an outrage to their dignity. They often 
        appear disposed to exert an imperious control over the other departments; 
        and as they commonly have the people on their side, they always act with 
        such momentum as to make it very difficult for the other members of the 
        government to maintain the balance of the Constitution. It may perhaps be asked, how the shortness of the duration in office 
        can affect the independence of the Executive on the legislature, unless 
        the one were possessed of the power of appointing or displacing the other. 
        One answer to this inquiry may be drawn from the principle already remarked 
        that is, from the slender interest a man is apt to take in a short-lived 
        advantage, and the little inducement it affords him to expose himself, 
        on account of it, to any considerable inconvenience or hazard. Another 
        answer, perhaps more obvious, though not more conclusive, will result 
        from the consideration of the influence of the legislative body over the 
        people; which might be employed to prevent the re-election of a man who, 
        by an upright resistance to any sinister project of that body, should 
        have made himself obnoxious to its resentment. It may be asked also, whether a duration of four years would answer the 
        end proposed; and if it would not, whether a less period, which would 
        at least be recommended by greater security against ambitious designs, 
        would not, for that reason, be preferable to a longer period, which was, 
        at the same time, too short for the purpose of inspiring the desired firmness 
        and independence of the magistrate. It cannot be affirmed, that a duration of four years, or any other limited 
        duration, would completely answer the end proposed; but it would contribute 
        towards it in a degree which would have a material influence upon the 
        spirit and character of the government. Between the commencement and termination 
        of such a period, there would always be a considerable interval, in which 
        the prospect of annihilation would be sufficiently remote, not to have 
        an improper effect upon the conduct of a man indued with a tolerable portion 
        of fortitude; and in which he might reasonably promise himself, that there 
        would be time enough before it arrived, to make the community sensible 
        of the propriety of the measures he might incline to pursue. Though it 
        be probable that, as he approached the moment when the public were, by 
        a new election, to signify their sense of his conduct, his confidence, 
        and with it his firmness, would decline; yet both the one and the other 
        would derive support from the opportunities which his previous continuance 
        in the station had afforded him, of establishing himself in the esteem 
        and good-will of his constituents. He might, then, hazard with safety, 
        in proportion to the proofs he had given of his wisdom and integrity, 
        and to the title he had acquired to the respect and attachment of his 
        fellow-citizens. As, on the one hand, a duration of four years will contribute 
        to the firmness of the Executive in a sufficient degree to render it a 
        very valuable ingredient in the composition; so, on the other, it is not 
        enough to justify any alarm for the public liberty. If a British House 
        of Commons, from the most feeble beginnings, FROM THE MERE POWER OF ASSENTING 
        OR DISAGREEING TO THE IMPOSITION OF A NEW TAX, have, by rapid strides, 
        reduced the prerogatives of the crown and the privileges of the nobility 
        within the limits they conceived to be compatible with the principles 
        of a free government, while they raised themselves to the rank and consequence 
        of a coequal branch of the legislature; if they have been able, in one 
        instance, to abolish both the royalty and the aristocracy, and to overturn 
        all the ancient establishments, as well in the Church as State; if they 
        have been able, on a recent occasion, to make the monarch tremble at the 
        prospect of an innovation [1] attempted by them, what 
        would be to be feared from an elective magistrate of four years' duration, 
        with the confined authorities of a President of the United States? What, 
        but that he might be unequal to the task which the Constitution assigns 
        him? I shall only add, that if his duration be such as to leave a doubt 
        of his firmness, that doubt is inconsistent with a jealousy of his encroachments. 
      
