THE President of the United States is to be "commander-in-chief of the 
        army and navy of the United States, and of the militia of the several 
        States WHEN CALLED INTO THE ACTUAL SERVICE of the United States." The 
        propriety of this provision is so evident in itself, and it is, at the 
        same time, so consonant to the precedents of the State constitutions in 
        general, that little need be said to explain or enforce it. Even those 
        of them which have, in other respects, coupled the chief magistrate with 
        a council, have for the most part concentrated the military authority 
        in him alone. Of all the cares or concerns of government, the direction 
        of war most peculiarly demands those qualities which distinguish the exercise 
        of power by a single hand. The direction of war implies the direction 
        of the common strength; and the power of directing and employing the common 
        strength, forms a usual and essential part in the definition of the executive 
        authority. "The President may require the opinion, in writing, of the principal 
        officer in each of the executive departments, upon any subject relating 
        to the duties of their respective officers." This I consider as a mere 
        redundancy in the plan, as the right for which it provides would result 
        of itself from the office. He is also to be authorized to grant "reprieves and pardons for offenses 
        against the United States, EXCEPT IN CASES OF IMPEACHMENT." Humanity 
        and good policy conspire to dictate, that the benign prerogative of pardoning 
        should be as little as possible fettered or embarrassed. The criminal 
        code of every country partakes so much of necessary severity, that without 
        an easy access to exceptions in favor of unfortunate guilt, justice would 
        wear a countenance too sanguinary and cruel. As the sense of responsibility 
        is always strongest, in proportion as it is undivided, it may be inferred 
        that a single man would be most ready to attend to the force of those 
        motives which might plead for a mitigation of the rigor of the law, and 
        least apt to yield to considerations which were calculated to shelter 
        a fit object of its vengeance. The reflection that the fate of a fellow-creature 
        depended on his sole fiat, would naturally inspire scrupulousness and 
        caution; the dread of being accused of weakness or connivance, would beget 
        equal circumspection, though of a different kind. On the other hand, as 
        men generally derive confidence from their numbers, they might often encourage 
        each other in an act of obduracy, and might be less sensible to the apprehension 
        of suspicion or censure for an injudicious or affected clemency. On these 
        accounts, one man appears to be a more eligible dispenser of the mercy 
        of government, than a body of men. The expediency of vesting the power of pardoning in the President has, 
        if I mistake not, been only contested in relation to the crime of treason. 
        This, it has been urged, ought to have depended upon the assent of one, 
        or both, of the branches of the legislative body. I shall not deny that 
        there are strong reasons to be assigned for requiring in this particular 
        the concurrence of that body, or of a part of it. As treason is a crime 
        levelled at the immediate being of the society, when the laws have once 
        ascertained the guilt of the offender, there seems a fitness in referring 
        the expediency of an act of mercy towards him to the judgment of the legislature. 
        And this ought the rather to be the case, as the supposition of the connivance 
        of the Chief Magistrate ought not to be entirely excluded. But there are 
        also strong objections to such a plan. It is not to be doubted, that a 
        single man of prudence and good sense is better fitted, in delicate conjunctures, 
        to balance the motives which may plead for and against the remission of 
        the punishment, than any numerous body whatever. It deserves particular 
        attention, that treason will often be connected with seditions which embrace 
        a large proportion of the community; as lately happened in Massachusetts. 
        In every such case, we might expect to see the representation of the people 
        tainted with the same spirit which had given birth to the offense. And 
        when parties were pretty equally matched, the secret sympathy of the friends 
        and favorers of the condemned person, availing itself of the good-nature 
        and weakness of others, might frequently bestow impunity where the terror 
        of an example was necessary. On the other hand, when the sedition had 
        proceeded from causes which had inflamed the resentments of the major 
        party, they might often be found obstinate and inexorable, when policy 
        demanded a conduct of forbearance and clemency. But the principal argument 
        for reposing the power of pardoning in this case to the Chief Magistrate 
        is this: in seasons of insurrection or rebellion, there are often critical 
        moments, when a welltimed offer of pardon to the insurgents or rebels 
        may restore the tranquillity of the commonwealth; and which, if suffered 
        to pass unimproved, it may never be possible afterwards to recall. The 
        dilatory process of convening the legislature, or one of its branches, 
        for the purpose of obtaining its sanction to the measure, would frequently 
        be the occasion of letting slip the golden opportunity. The loss of a 
        week, a day, an hour, may sometimes be fatal. If it should be observed, 
        that a discretionary power, with a view to such contingencies, might be 
        occasionally conferred upon the President, it may be answered in the first 
        place, that it is questionable, whether, in a limited Constitution, that 
        power could be delegated by law; and in the second place, that it would 
        generally be impolitic beforehand to take any step which might hold out 
        the prospect of impunity. A proceeding of this kind, out of the usual 
        course, would be likely to be construed into an argument of timidity or 
        of weakness, and would have a tendency to embolden guilt.
