IT HAS been mentioned as one of the advantages to be expected from the 
        co-operation of the Senate, in the business of appointments, that it would 
        contribute to the stability of the administration. The consent of that 
        body would be necessary to displace as well as to appoint. A change of 
        the Chief Magistrate, therefore, would not occasion so violent or so general 
        a revolution in the officers of the government as might be expected, if 
        he were the sole disposer of offices. Where a man in any station had given 
        satisfactory evidence of his fitness for it, a new President would be 
        restrained from attempting a change in favor of a person more agreeable 
        to him, by the apprehension that a discountenance of the Senate might 
        frustrate the attempt, and bring some degree of discredit upon himself. 
        Those who can best estimate the value of a steady administration, will 
        be most disposed to prize a provision which connects the official existence 
        of public men with the approbation or disapprobation of that body which, 
        from the greater permanency of its own composition, will in all probability 
        be less subject to inconstancy than any other member of the government. To this union of the Senate with the President, in the article of appointments, 
        it has in some cases been suggested that it would serve to give the President 
        an undue influence over the Senate, and in others that it would have an 
        opposite tendency, a strong proof that neither suggestion is true. To state the first in its proper form, is to refute it. It amounts to 
        this: the President would have an improper INFLUENCE OVER the Senate, 
        because the Senate would have the power of RESTRAINING him. This is an 
        absurdity in terms. It cannot admit of a doubt that the entire power of 
        appointment would enable him much more effectually to establish a dangerous 
        empire over that body, than a mere power of nomination subject to their 
        control. Let us take a view of the converse of the proposition: "the Senate would 
        influence the Executive." As I have had occasion to remark in several 
        other instances, the indistinctness of the objection forbids a precise 
        answer. In what manner is this influence to be exerted? In relation to 
        what objects? The power of influencing a person, in the sense in which 
        it is here used, must imply a power of conferring a benefit upon him. 
        How could the Senate confer a benefit upon the President by the manner 
        of employing their right of negative upon his nominations? If it be said 
        they might sometimes gratify him by an acquiescence in a favorite choice, 
        when public motives might dictate a different conduct, I answer, that 
        the instances in which the President could be personally interested in 
        the result, would be too few to admit of his being materially affected 
        by the compliances of the Senate. The POWER which can ORIGINATE the disposition 
        of honors and emoluments, is more likely to attract than to be attracted 
        by the POWER which can merely obstruct their course. If by influencing 
        the President be meant RESTRAINING him, this is precisely what must have 
        been intended. And it has been shown that the restraint would be salutary, 
        at the same time that it would not be such as to destroy a single advantage 
        to be looked for from the uncontrolled agency of that Magistrate. The 
        right of nomination would produce all the good of that of appointment, 
        and would in a great measure avoid its evils. Upon a comparison of the 
        plan for the appointment of the officers of the proposed government with 
        that which is established by the constitution of this State, a decided 
        preference must be given to the former. In that plan the power of nomination 
        is unequivocally vested in the Executive. And as there would be a necessity 
        for submitting each nomination to the judgment of an entire branch of 
        the legislature, the circumstances attending an appointment, from the 
        mode of conducting it, would naturally become matters of notoriety; and 
        the public would be at no loss to determine what part had been performed 
        by the different actors. The blame of a bad nomination would fall upon 
        the President singly and absolutely. The censure of rejecting a good one 
        would lie entirely at the door of the Senate; aggravated by the consideration 
        of their having counteracted the good intentions of the Executive. If 
        an ill appointment should be made, the Executive for nominating, and the 
        Senate for approving, would participate, though in different degrees, 
        in the opprobrium and disgrace. The reverse of all this characterizes the manner of appointment in this 
        State. The council of appointment consists of from three to five persons, 
        of whom the governor is always one. This small body, shut up in a private 
        apartment, impenetrable to the public eye, proceed to the execution of 
        the trust committed to them. It is known that the governor claims the 
        right of nomination, upon the strength of some ambiguous expressions in 
        the constitution; but it is not known to what extent, or in what manner 
        he exercises it; nor upon what occasions he is contradicted or opposed. 
        The censure of a bad appointment, on account of the uncertainty of its 
        author, and for want of a determinate object, has neither poignancy nor 
        duration. And while an unbounded field for cabal and intrigue lies open, 
        all idea of responsibility is lost. The most that the public can know, 
        is that the governor claims the right of nomination; that TWO out of the 
        inconsiderable number of FOUR men can too often be managed without much 
        difficulty; that if some of the members of a particular council should 
        happen to be of an uncomplying character, it is frequently not impossible 
        to get rid of their opposition by regulating the times of meeting in such 
        a manner as to render their attendance inconvenient; and that from whatever 
        cause it may proceed, a great number of very improper appointments are 
        from time to time made. Whether a governor of this State avails himself 
        of the ascendant he must necessarily have, in this delicate and important 
        part of the administration, to prefer to offices men who are best qualified 
        for them, or whether he prostitutes that advantage to the advancement 
        of persons whose chief merit is their implicit devotion to his will, and 
        to the support of a despicable and dangerous system of personal influence, 
        are questions which, unfortunately for the community, can only be the 
        subjects of speculation and conjecture. Every mere council of appointment, however constituted, will be a conclave, 
        in which cabal and intrigue will have their full scope. Their number, 
        without an unwarrantable increase of expense, cannot be large enough to 
        preclude a facility of combination. And as each member will have his friends 
        and connections to provide for, the desire of mutual gratification will 
        beget a scandalous bartering of votes and bargaining for places. The private 
        attachments of one man might easily be satisfied; but to satisfy the private 
        attachments of a dozen, or of twenty men, would occasion a monopoly of 
        all the principal employments of the government in a few families, and 
        would lead more directly to an aristocracy or an oligarchy than any measure 
        that could be contrived. If, to avoid an accumulation of offices, there 
        was to be a frequent change in the persons who were to compose the council, 
        this would involve the mischiefs of a mutable administration in their 
        full extent. Such a council would also be more liable to executive influence 
        than the Senate, because they would be fewer in number, and would act 
        less immediately under the public inspection. Such a council, in fine, 
        as a substitute for the plan of the convention, would be productive of 
        an increase of expense, a multiplication of the evils which spring from 
        favoritism and intrigue in the distribution of public honors, a decrease 
        of stability in the administration of the government, and a diminution 
        of the security against an undue influence of the Executive. And yet such 
        a council has been warmly contended for as an essential amendment in the 
        proposed Constitution. I could not with propriety conclude my observations on the subject of 
        appointments without taking notice of a scheme for which there have appeared 
        some, though but few advocates; I mean that of uniting the House of Representatives 
        in the power of making them. I shall, however, do little more than mention 
        it, as I cannot imagine that it is likely to gain the countenance of any 
        considerable part of the community. A body so fluctuating and at the same 
        time so numerous, can never be deemed proper for the exercise of that 
        power. Its unfitness will appear manifest to all, when it is recollected 
        that in half a century it may consist of three or four hundred persons. 
        All the advantages of the stability, both of the Executive and of the 
        Senate, would be defeated by this union, and infinite delays and embarrassments 
        would be occasioned. The example of most of the States in their local 
        constitutions encourages us to reprobate the idea. The only remaining powers of the Executive are comprehended in giving 
        information to Congress of the state of the Union; in recommending to 
        their consideration such measures as he shall judge expedient; in convening 
        them, or either branch, upon extraordinary occasions; in adjourning them 
        when they cannot themselves agree upon the time of adjournment; in receiving 
        ambassadors and other public ministers; in faithfully executing the laws; 
        and in commissioning all the officers of the United States. Except some cavils about the power of convening EITHER house of the legislature, 
        and that of receiving ambassadors, no objection has been made to this 
        class of authorities; nor could they possibly admit of any. It required, 
        indeed, an insatiable avidity for censure to invent exceptions to the 
        parts which have been excepted to. In regard to the power of convening 
        either house of the legislature, I shall barely remark, that in respect 
        to the Senate at least, we can readily discover a good reason for it. 
        AS this body has a concurrent power with the Executive in the article 
        of treaties, it might often be necessary to call it together with a view 
        to this object, when it would be unnecessary and improper to convene the 
        House of Representatives. As to the reception of ambassadors, what I have 
        said in a former paper will furnish a sufficient answer. We have now completed a survey of the structure and powers of the executive 
        department, which, I have endeavored to show, combines, as far as republican 
        principles will admit, all the requisites to energy. The remaining inquiry 
        is: Does it also combine the requisites to safety, in a republican sense, 
        a due dependence on the people, a due responsibility? The answer to this 
        question has been anticipated in the investigation of its other characteristics, 
        and is satisfactorily deducible from these circumstances; from the election 
        of the President once in four years by persons immediately chosen by the 
        people for that purpose; and from his being at all times liable to impeachment, 
        trial, dismission from office, incapacity to serve in any other, and to 
        forfeiture of life and estate by subsequent prosecution in the common 
        course of law. But these precautions, great as they are, are not the only 
        ones which the plan of the convention has provided in favor of the public 
        security. In the only instances in which the abuse of the executive authority 
        was materially to be feared, the Chief Magistrate of the United States 
        would, by that plan, be subjected to the control of a branch of the legislative 
        body. What more could be desired by an enlightened and reasonable people? 
      
